[Music]
I promise to bring you breakfast every
Tomorrow I will promise that my life begins
where you
you finish. I don't want false expectations or
living within a lie. Yours and
mine is true. Despite what
say. I will remember that I walk through that
square that we could not shamefully
not even look.
The time came and I took your hand while
we kept walking. For both of them
the great silence fell
city, city, city, city,
city. Why do I want to see the light shine?
star in the sky. If I have by my side
the most beautiful of the
firmament, I don't know if you'll understand me.
This that you
story must be felt by the heart as
smile for
[Music]
inside. Tea
I'll say pinch me every day in
[Music]
wake up. That if I argue it is for
get to know you better.
There is no fog that can obscure this
[Music]
love. It
I know that we will go through moments that are not
We imagine that the pain will be so strong
what will we think
to get angry. But this feeling of ours
will put in check the
wounds that we cause to the soul.
Breathe me, for
Please, because this life is for us
escapes. Why do I want to see?
shine, why do I want to see it shine?
star in the sky. On one side I have the
most beautiful of the
firmament. I don't know if you'll understand me.
And what I'm telling you has to be felt
heart as it smiles for
inside. I want to see I want
to check. If I have the screen next to me
of the
firmament. I don't know if I
you will understand. There is a fact that you
tale. You have to feel the heart as
smile inside.
Oh.
[Music]
[Applause]
I thought that loving was no longer
existed, that kisses are given in
any corner.
I thought that loving was just a
I play, but I look at you and I'm dying for
having you next to me. I will invest my life in
get excited and
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost.
Oh, oh.
I ask you every day that your soul be my day
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
life and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
me in front.
[Music]
If the world separates, I'll stay with you.
If tomorrow doesn't dawn, I'll stay with you.
If you want me to stay, I'll stay.
with you. What do I care about things? AND
when I smile I turn away. Hey,
I'm
with you,
with you. I will invest my life in
get excited and
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost.
[Music]
And I ask every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
life and I ask every day to always be able to
loving you waiting for the moment to have you
me in front.
[Music]
I will invest my life in
illusion and
[Music]
I will win the game as long as it takes
lost.
[Music]
And I ask every day that your soul be my guide
until the last kiss that this says goodbye to
life. And I ask every day to always be able to
love you
waiting for the moment to have you
in front of.
What's up, my
handsome? How are you?
Well, well, well. Well, it hasn't jumped,
they have not jumped the
notifications. They have not jumped the
notifications. Let's go to Ay, I'm going to
ask something to
Luaren, huh?
[Music]
Hey, what's up? What's up, my people? A
capela, Javi. Yes, I sing terribly. I
I sing, I dance terribly. The only art that
I have is to come to the internet and receive
insults and insults too, right? I mean,
from time to time
when from time to time, well, do
gossip, to gossip. That's my
feature. If you like it, fine, and if
No, that's how it is. I mean, if you don't
If you can't go to Manuel's channel
Muñoz. you follow him and listen to him. That by
true, Manuel Muñoz today brought up a song,
Okay? You go and support him on behalf of the
Honorable Javi Oliveira, on behalf of
the lordship of Telesalseo, go and do it
you support, okay? Eh, I shared it there
the story of
Instagram, I shared it there
Instagram story the theme, okay?
Eh, in another order of things, in another
order of things, today we are going to deal with a
a little bit of everything. Okay, today in theory, no
I'm in a hurry, although I do have
to record a video of the main channel
for
tomorrow. We are taking out every day
content for the main channel, huh?
I mean, it is true that for now
There is nothing that has worked
scandalous way, but we are back
give him a little stick. It will be a matter of time
position us again some video,
but hey, they're not bad either.
We didn't upload a video. Well, it has me
I was very surprised that they didn't work
Hailey Bieber videos. I was surprised
a lot. I'm seeing that I have to take out
also places the extracts of E.
I have to send that to Eclisse,
uncle. By David Summer, which I haven't released
still the edited extracts of the
main and short and others.
[Music]
Um, look, eh, he was with us
David Summer on Sunday. Hm. Telesalseo.
Manuel Muñoz gives a concert. Yes, more, yes
that makes them the
young guy. Yes, the kid does. Hm.
He has released several songs after the one that
You say that it's already 10 years old, Pilar.
What happens is that I don't know about the others.
why they do skip my copy and this one
No. I don't know if he took it from me,
I don't know the deal. One time I jumped a
copy, he took it from me and there it stayed.
And then like this, like this these
two topics that are the two topics that I
I put it in Telesalseo, because it doesn't pop up.
copy. So, as long as they don't tell me
nothing, there it is, there I put it because also
That's how we heard him sing very
nice, isn't it? I have known Manuel for a long time.
many years, that is, I and apart
It's not that he hasn't been a friend,
He is not a friend and
precisely, but but we have
encountered many times in life,
because on the one hand I met him eh with a
group of friends, this is what I'm talking to you,
maybe I was 14, 15 years old and
Then I met him again for a few years.
later with another group of friends. I mean,
we found a few of them
times in life and then with the
time I found it here in
Internet
and well, look, he
him when he agreed to come to Telesalseo,
When he agreed to come he didn't know that I
it was the same. That is, when I already
I said, man, do you remember Javi the
Shorty, the one from Aerox? Do you remember
when we were dating nothing happened that I told him not to
I asked him about the Moor who was a
our friend, the Moor and it became clear to me
the little Moor from the neighborhood there? And I say,
Well, you remember the little guy and he did, boom,
I don't know if you saw the talk I had here
with him yesterday. David Summer was at the
anthill. I haven't seen it, but oh well,
I've seen the clips on Twitter, but yes,
what things. I didn't know. Note that
We recorded the talk on Friday and
I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know
that he was going to the anthill today, the truth.
I go as I go
[Music]
a little bit
crazy. A bit
crazy. A little crazy. On Thursday, this
week, I have TV. On Thursday I have
TV. I'm not going to tell you the program.
I thought I was direct. I believed myself
that was direct, eh, but but no no no
It is direct. Exactly. I believed that
It was direct. It's that they told me it was
direct, but it's not that it's direct, it's
which is direct for them. I already know
you'll understand, okay? Because of course, this
It will be issued, I understand, in June, by
at least June around there. That is, this
people eh they usually take a while.
Javi, I would love for Frank and you to
you interviewed someone from Operation
Triumph. Minerva, well I have had
live with people from Operación Triunfo
with with Naís, with Naín Tomás, with Naín
Thomas. I met him in the game of
squid and
and there we were, well, I don't know if he knew me
from before, just imagine. Well, the truth is, he
We were not introduced and he spoke to me like
and from there we followed each other and and
such, right? Um, on Thursday, on Thursday I record
that. I'll record that on Thursday, to be honest. Hey,
I think it's going to be really cool. I think that
It's going to be really cool. I can't tell you
exactly what it is.
I understand. After Thursday, yes, I will tell you.
I will be able to say, I understand. Let's see, it is that it is
a recorded thing, then normally
Well no, he doesn't usually like it very much.
tell me, right? But well, I understand that
when they are going to broadcast it, that
let me know, okay? Well, I can do it.
advertise, I might even upload a piece
Here to the channel, as I always do, right?
to the main channel. But it's going to be very
interesting. It's going to be very cool,
TRUE. I think it's going to be something cool
because I also record it with
a
em is something I'm going to record. I'm going to tell you
just give this hint, okay?
Look, it's not a clue, but oh well.
Uh, it's something I'm going to record with
a very woman
famous with a very woman
famous, very very famous. Very
famous. Of
fact, in fact, you all know it.
Come on, in fact I'm going to tell you the
number of followers you have more or
less, okay? Well if I tell you the
exact, since it has more than a dozen
more than a dozen, more than a dozen,
more than 10 million followers on
Instagram. That's the one, that's the only one
clue I'm going to give you.
I mean, it's going to be a thing, it's going to be a thing.
something to remember. It's going to be a thing
for the memory,
Hey? Very famous. Uh, very famous. Besides
I understand that it will be famous throughout the world
world. I think it's famous all over the world
world, but especially in Spain, of course.
But I hope it turns out well. I hope that
I stayed
good. I hope it turns out well. I hope that
It's okay, because the truth is a lot
pressure. It's a lot of pressure. I already told you
I will say. I already told you
I will say,
Hey? What else? What else? What else?
Well, let's cover some topics,
some news that has come out in the
the world of the heart and then something
from the bun, right? That is the topic that
there is the environment that I do not see.
She's not Latina, is she? It is not Spanish, brand
It's Spanish, but I'm not going to give you any
I'm not going to give any more clues or anything, okay? Is
which also cannot be known. Of course, you
I'm saying more than necessary already.
It is also not possible to know, but it is
one is crazy, huh? It's crazy,
in
TRUE. It's crazy. It's crazy, in
TRUE. My goodness, the things that
things that happen to me. But
Well,
[Music]
in a mess the seed. Well, not Pepa,
loli. He has insulted Peppa, but in a
a beastly form. I mean, I've seen the
clip, I was also amazed.
Let's go. This thing about freol is not
I understand a lot. This is Juanjo who has me
He insulted me today on his Twitter, he insulted me
said sad eyes, okay? And there is
comparison of eyes there, huh?
José Fernando, the most interesting interview
emotional. I have taken this, but I have not
taken content from the interview. I don't know
If something about Daniel is uploaded there
Sancho. Let's discuss something, shall we?
Although tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow we have a
direct on the main channel with
Trium.
I'm sure it will look good. That's clear.
Javi Tupeque. Holy [ __ ], we've
laughed today. I curse the evil Fortnite,
Hey? Gloria Serra. The king of the arrives
sauce. Some No, no, it's not with
Gloria Serra. It's not with Gloria Serra.
I am that the eyes if it does not belong to the
graceful percentage of people with eyes
greys, blues, lilacs, next. Ah, very
good. Minerva, don't you like my eyes?
No. Okay, let's get down to business. Phew! That
I was relaxed after the
shower,
Hey? Today is when I have, I think that
evening
wake up. Ah, the interview is coming out
tomorrow. It doesn't say anything, does it? They have not given
no advance or anything. Em. Did you know
happens?
that today I have to stay all day
I stay awake at night or at least I think so
That's what I'm going to do because I have
I have to have an analysis tomorrow
an analysis and of course I have to be on
8 o'clock in the
doctor. So I'm at the doctor's at 8
that I will finish here at 4 to 5 in the
Tomorrow, then most likely what
I will do it, eh, stay awake
working, doing things and at 7 I
I'm going to the doctor. what else that
go to bed to get up to sleep 2
hours,
You know? Another option would have been clear,
not working today, right? If this is what it is
we can call work, right? Family,
go
They are not here today, no, they have not found out
nor the moderators who are here,
Hey? I'm going to put it in the group of
WhatsApp.
So, today I will have one night left, one
beautiful night. Javi, well sleep though
be little, man. Uh, it's that
probably what I will do
It's just that I wake up terribly, right? Yeah
I sleep like this and wake up feeling terrible. Oh well,
I'll see, if I get sleepy I'll lie down
couch for a little while like a nap, right? AND
then I'm leaving. But surely what
I will be working. I will be in the
I'll be at the salseria later until
time I have to be there.
Then I will record the video for the channel
main and then
me and then I'm going to get ready
a script for a video I want to record.
Surely, surely I will do that. No
I know, I'll see, I'll see what I do and that's it
then when the analysis is finished, or
So, I go, I get the analysis done and then
I'm going to bed now, you know?
Quietly, until the afternoon that I have
I'm staying with Trium, then I'm going to bed,
I record with Trium and I'm staying with him.
puny
until whatever time it is, right? Until
whatever time it is, when it's time to get going
the live shows, or whatever, I'll see.
I'll see, I'll see. But something
like that, something like that.
Spanish, but not me, where they have
How tiresome, Dad, that you run.
I prefer my mom, Leo's tame.
How great, the live less
contraceptive in history.
Now that,
What a character my son is, huh? Just in case
Someone doesn't know what we're talking about
talking, go to the live show this afternoon
from the salsería, where I was with Leo
playing Fortnite. But how fun
would have been playing the horror game.
What happens is that the lazy one didn't want to,
he didn't want to. If we hadn't
I laughed a lot, for sure. Well that's what I had
looks like it's going to be fun. Well,
Family, at the salsería we want 4 hours
live. Have you been warned, Crules?
Well, over there is Place already looking for the
material. I have some too
little thing over there. So well, without
hurry, no, I can't guarantee you 4
hours, but well, without rushing. Okay. And me
This short came out from the Quicky channel and I
has attracted a lot of attention, not because
nothing, but because of hypocrisy, right? EITHER
Well, Kiko Hernández is too tough.
in this short against Isabel Pantoja.
Look at what he says and he'll quickly leave you.
something contradictory comes to mind,
Okay? You told me and I did it.
let's talk, okay? And many times on networks
I have been criticized, "Who are you to
say bad mother? Bad mother, bad
mother, bad mother." Because a Who
it's you? That is, people criticize it.
for calling Isabel a bad mother
Pantoja.
I mean, look at what they did because
Rocío Carrasco who is condemned, who
He doesn't want anything to do with his children, I don't know.
what, I don't know how much. Um, because it is
They said she was a bad mother, that she couldn't be
say bad mother, that they would throw you out of the
set, no, that she was a victim
of vicarious violence. But to Isabel
Pantoja, however, says Kiko
Hernandez what can you say?
freely bad mother, because he has
been there in the house and he knows how it is
how that mother has behaved with her children,
No? Javi, in my land, which is yours,
In the past it was said, let's make a
smoking break because in all the
jobs are smoked. Javi, you load yourself with
a lot of work, okay? That maybe
will have your compensation. I know,
Macarena, one day I'll have to leave everything.
Well, a whole day. How dramatic. A
one day I will have to give something up. Did you know
Come on, Macarena, what's up?
let? I was saying it yesterday,
No? What do I leave? Mm. The main each
every time we start to give it some stick, boom,
we lift it up, right? Now it is that neither
There is a topic that helps a lot, the truth,
oh well. Eh, but [ __ ], the main one
works. The salseria is not a [ __ ] joke
leave the sauce shop. he he he is the is the
family, right?, with whom we met
at night and here Telesalseo, because my
Ladies, we are not here. So,
there is no channel that can be left
right now. I mean, that would be absurd, right?
It would be absurd. Yes, it is true that
perhaps it would be more powerful for
one of the channels to focus on one. Yeah
We focus only on one, that channel
we take to
darling. But the three of them are doing well,
true, at this moment. So, I
I think it will be
eh I think it will be basically what
I may come up with or feel like it every time
day. We don't live badly either,
No? I mean, we don't live badly either,
TRUE. Very busy, very loaded with
work, but well, it also has its
compensation. You know what? Do you know what?
happens? I I I value a lot I value
I really like the life I have now, because
I now live as I want, that is, I am
my boss. Damn, that sounds very Christian.
very crist, but I am my boss. AND
I work the hours I want, in
whatever I want and on top of that I work
doing what I like, commenting on the
things that I like, which is the
gossip, right? The gossip. Hm.
And I have enough to live on, really. EITHER
well, I have enough to live on, eh, I'm fine
I take the days when I want and I go
over there, I'm going over here, you know?
So what do I tell you? And because I I
I have
worked getting up at 4 in the morning
morning and returning home
at 6 or 7 in the evening, even I
agreement of extra days so it came to
home at like 10 at night [ __ ]
crazy, huh? And maybe I maybe I
brought home €1,300
month, that you will say, "Well, it is the
normal." Sure, yes, it's normal. It's normal.
normal when things are like this
They are, aren't they? In working life. But I
I don't see it as normal. No, no, it shouldn't be
It's normal to get paid €5 per hour.
and or four, I don't remember which ones
I was paid overtime as usual
I was supposed to pay €6 for overtime,
but of course, that happens later when they take you away
from here, they take from there, it's €4 each
hour
extra. If you start bragging, I'll raise you.
the rates, huh? No, no way, Pablo, what?
go on, what go on, what go on. Quite the opposite,
My son, quite the opposite. I have there
a target because the octrists of
Asturias, friend of the condemned Amador
Moedano, today he started telling me that I'm going
very bad at numbers and all that stuff,
No? So, I put a there
goal for people to help me,
for people to help me get out of
this ruin. But when when many
sometimes people have not worked, many
Sometimes here on YouTube it happens with children
young people, eh with people who maybe
He has never worked in his life and suddenly
They hit here a blow of a blow of
good luck, because many times it happens that
they don't value a [ __ ]
[ __ ], you know? I mean, me
Here, look, once, do you know why the
I had with Chocas?
because he gave a bad answer to
a person who donated to him, gave him a super
chat of 20 € and gave him a bad one
reply. Well, and I criticized it in
direct and doesn't see the guy as I felt.
In fact, there is a video for
there of him
answering me. There's a video out there of
he
answering me that he has like a million
of visits, but well, insulting me
stop. You see this video, look,
has a million views, huh?
And he's insulting me for 20 minutes,
eh, because I had criticized him in a
stream for the reason that, well, it
Someone donated 20 € to him, I think it was a
super chat 20 € and it seemed like it gave a bad one
answer, I'm not answering you now, no
I'm a monkey, I don't know, it was a move. No
He gave a scolding to the followers who
don't see. That day Eugenio was born, it is
true, Carlas. And what I was going for is
that I value every super chat.
every income they make me and such,
precisely because I know what it costs.
Because I know what
it's hard, you know? To me, people, for
example, he gives me a super chat, I say,
Well, look, this was before it happened to me.
The YouTube thing, this was an hour that I
I was loading the truck, did you
you understand? Then I do.
I value. Yes, Ana. Ana, please, no.
I forgot what you were telling me
Ana Wiisa. We put it, okay? Woman who
adopt a girl and tell her the way
so cruel, at 16, are you going to
march to Peru? She hasn't I don't believe it
that Dolores Sánchez be a member.
Family, good night. You have a great time
good with your baby. Glad to hear it.
Take advantage of it, enjoy it, it grows very well.
fast. Right, Dolores? But if it is that
It's fast now. He has already grown, he has already
grown fast. Yes, it's already my 6th birthday.
within a month. It's already my 6th birthday
within a month. I remember when
I was here with Lorena
pregnant, not here, but
on on the on the on the on the other floor. I
I never tire of thanking you and I never will.
I will do. What's up, Andy? Gorgeous. As
are?
You look bad, he says. No, no way,
What's up, Daani. Yesterday yes, huh? Yesterday yes
was sick. Yesterday, the truth, yesterday the
The truth is that I was a little
bad boy. I don't know why they bothered me.
screens, I don't know. I am all the time
I am very sick with the
screens, eh, when I'm not here,
I'm on mobile, I'm on mobile and you're on the other side,
I'm very sick with screens and
that in the end gives you headaches and
discomfort. I have to control that, but
No, no way, I'm [ __ ] great, Daani.
Chill. I have become very relaxed
Now when she got out of the shower, the
TRUE. has asked to come to your house. She
she didn't ask to be adopted. It was you who
that you went to Peru, you talked to eh
Fujimori so that they would give you quickly to the
girl and you brought her here.
She hasn't asked. The Sape has opened a
channel, Isabel Romero, right? Very good,
Thanks for reminding me. The SAP has been
opened a
channel. The SAP has opened a channel.
He hadn't told me anything, to be honest. EITHER
sea, when I found him with a
channel, I say, "What does it do?" Sape costs.
Okay, they have to give. Good night.
Are you better?
Josefina? What's up, honey? Well yes,
That's what I was saying, huh? The open sap
a channel. I'm going to subscribe with
Telesalseo, which I had not subscribed to
Telesalseo. Um, subscribe with all of them
the accounts, okay? To the knowledge. And I am
like seeing Fran, huh? I mean, it's like seeing
to Fran. And do you know this report that
I played Fran when I was young before
be famous? It's him, but not me. Where to
have to give. I value your work and
You accompany me and make me smile
throwing a kiss heart. Many
Thank you, a kiss sweetheart. You are loved.
Sape costs. Okay, don't forget.
subscribe. Eh, nothing, she just
was up for adoption because that girl
I was looking for parents, for happiness. AND
you, and adolescence is a time
complicated, but no problem. And there is
times that it drives you crazy because it's logical
that makes you desperate, but never ever. AND
Here to all the parents who have
adopted, to all the people who suddenly
has had surrogacy in the
life you can say to a child, "What
have you gone after him? I'm going to send you to
Peru." That's cruel. That's the thing.
It's that I'm going to send you to
Peru, I'm going to send you to Peru. But I myself
I believe, I really believe, I swear, I believe that
There must be a context, I think there must be
there is a context for the I'm going to you
send to Peru. That is, you have not
past at some point, it sounds ugly, but
it's a bit like that. And my mother to me
I'm sure there will be even better one for me.
said when I was little, but I have
started. You have never told him
your son, I'm going to send you to a school
intern, I'm going to send you to I don't know,
I'm going to send you by mail to
Congo, do you understand me? So the thing about you
I'm going to send to Peru, who knows, to
It was better to fight with the daughter being
teenager, the girl was, I don't know, I
I am, I am making it up, one
garment, okay? Imagine, what was coming?
the so many, the mother didn't take it out, I don't know
that. And the mother in a fit, in a
pissed off, so he said, "Hey, you [ __ ]
The girl, I'm going to send you to
Peru." Do you understand me? Then I believe
that I think is going there, it is not like
some
racism or anything like that, you know? EITHER
Well, that's how I see it, right? That
says my Raquel? But not to me, where
have to give. What beautiful things to me
You are hard-working, honest and judicious.
You deserve the best. But Raquel, it's that
You tell me very nice things. A kiss,
very pretty. You tell me very nice things.
That was the mothers' story when
they will get angry. Well, I think that the thing about the
Pantoja is like that. I mean, you don't say it like that.
true, you don't mean it. But if it is
a girl who is giving you trouble,
Well, maybe Pantoja there
cooking the chicken was a [ __ ]
little girl. I'm going to send you to Peru. Pape,
You will find out there how it is
lives, doesn't it? You will find out there about it
which is good. Something like that. I mean, not that
Nowadays we are offended by everything. Further
beast I've ever heard in my life.
Isabel Pantoja. Telita, eh, Telita has it
had to, let's see, Telita, eh, there hasn't been
been lucky with children, eh, they have
given his little problems, eh, I say it with
honey, eh, but they've given him, they've given him
given that they have given him some problems, huh?
Nothing, Javi, you weren't adopted anywhere else.
country and they tell you that you are going to return.
But why not, Tuti? I mean, why?
No? Your mother has never told you if
going back would put you back in the
[ __ ]. Okay, we change the target.
We change objective while we are
with the theme of the
heart. Donations, super chats
like this one that just gave us mmv
It's ugly, man. It's not pretty, but
you are angry things for the company that
You make me smile in difficult times
blowing a kiss. MMV, I never know if you are
man or woman. MMV, tell me
already. I want you to have super chats today
be the
ugliest expressions you have said to him
to your children or your mothers.
I'm going to put you in the gig. Exactly.
Of course, [ __ ]. Clear,
[ __ ]. The ugliest expressions that
have you told your children,
your parents or whatever. I closed
the legs. Come on, come on. Of course,
man. Let's see, it's not pretty,
obviously. If I'm not telling you
that it is pretty, of course it is not pretty.
We've all said ugly things to people
people we love when we are
fighting, to our partners. That is
So. It's the that's it's that's it's that's the
anger.
life and I have been in Sálvame for 14 years. 14
It is the cruelest thing. Although and many
sometimes tremendous, right? Oh, I don't know if
comment on this girl. Do you want that?
Let's talk about this girl or next?
Javi, that's cruel. It's like your child
paralytic you tell him why he is not
footballer. No, man, no. For God's sake,
that you are comparing me. I lived, I lived,
I lived. It's gone, hasn't it? Vivi, you are me
comparing a Peruvian with a
disabled, although well, just kidding,
joke, joke, joke, joke. You are me
comparing a Peruvian with a
disabled, damn. Come on, [ __ ], it's not
the same thing that a thing has to do with
the other. You just compared the speed
with the
toxin. It's not the same. Let's see. Is
as if you say to him, "Imagine that
you have a delinquent son, a son
gulf, right? What have they put in it?
this correctional facility, right? In it
reformatory a few times, huh?
Well, imagine that you take the child and
You say you don't have to leave the boarding school,
[ __ ] kid. You shouldn't have paid your
bail. What do I know, I just made it up,
No? They just took her away
Peruvians, huh? Host, that has happened to you
Vivi gone, Vivi has gone. My sister
He told me that I was adopted. Of course, now
this. I mean, nothing happens. we commented
this or
that. But this is a bit of politics,
Hey? This is a bit of politicking. Which
It turns out she spoke and I opened it
here because she has spoken, but this
I see it more for the kids, right? EITHER
So, why did I bring Marina in here?
It's like a mix, isn't it? Because
Of course, there's Marina Rivers, and then
Risto is here on this program,
No? I think it's more for the
youth. I have another move here. Here
I have another interesting move and I have you
what to say. Oh, I have a little laugh today.
in the bangs, right? I have like a
laugh. Where is my Lili today? And my
alne telesalseo, I'm a girl. The most girl
pretty from today's chat.
MMV. Next. Next. Here the cat is the one
send and here the cat says next. Well
next. And tomorrow. Okay. I don't know what time
I will do that. Tomorrow, that is
Wednesday. Hmm.
Tomorrow I will tell you in the group at what time,
but tomorrow direct with Trium, but no
in the main.
Roman, your super chats never ring. No
I know if you will be Peruvian. They sent me to the
[ __ ]. I'm telling you to [ __ ] off too.
Come on, listen to me, Roman. Do we have a topic?
for later or we have no topic for
then? Lili, today is a day for rest. Javi,
no, no, no. That, that has not been discussed,
Hey? Today I was going to be the group, but
Alan asne could. I don't have much either.
Of course, because some people are talking to me
gossip there that I have to see, but
huddle. Sure, sure, sure. Hey, alne,
to acne could on Thursday. Others do
They could today, but not on Thursday. And it turns out
I have TV on Thursday. I have to
record that.
But not to me, to where they have to give.
Come on, Javi, let's get the channel up and running.
Mamen, we have it complicated, we have it
complicated. I'm going to see how it is
competition, but we have it
complicated. Sape costs. Okay. Sape
costs. I wonder if a peseta would give each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. My mother tells me that with
so many cradles that there were in peace
they confused.
That's cruel. That's cruel.
I think if you see it, that is very cruel,
but not to me where they have to I don't know
your father takes off his underwear.
Isa, but that's cruel, Isa, that's
cruel and even a little ordinary,
No? That's cruel and a little bit
ordinary.
Hey, I'll tell you the time tomorrow during the
group because I have to organize myself,
Okay? Tomorrow in the group I will tell you the
hour, but in
I don't know at first, I'll put it at 9,
I'll put it at 10, I'll see, it depends on what
I fit in with the rest of
direct. Tomorrow
and direct with Trium, where we will be
commenting
together
the
appeal. This would be called resources or
appeal. We'll talk about it tomorrow.
deeply with Trium, okay? I
I still don't know it all, I have
to review it, I also have to
read it carefully and all that stuff, okay?
But tomorrow we are going to talk to Trium about
several things from Daniel Sancho, okay?
Let's talk about the topic of appeal,
okay? That tonight that is something else
What do I have to do? Study that well.
topic, okay? That I have not yet
updated. Tribe was doing a
series where it has already ended
comment on it in full, okay? And I do it
I have to study. Outstanding turn in the
Daniel Sancho case after the appeal of
appeal. The defense makes a request
surprising the authorities
Thai, which by the way, how ugly,
Okay? Because here reading has indeed happened
given credit to Trium, which is the one that
has been taking this out of the resource,
Okay? that it is his who has it and what
ugly because there are other agencies that do it
have made their own. Work what you like
It is a privilege. Also if Manuemi,
The other day we were talking about it with David
Sumer, right? That you work what you like
and you will never work a day in your life.
Well, tomorrow on the main channel
We'll go into this in depth, okay? It
I'm going to be studying tonight for
try to try because of course it is
impossible to live up to even a little
Trium commenting on it and also
We will talk about this news that has been given
our dear Joana Morillas who is
a
conversation, it is a
discussion that Silvia Bronchalo has with
Marcos García Monte, the lawyer for the
famous. Hey, speaking of celebrities,
No? Because
Ana Obregón also wore it to García
Mountain, right? Saveira, I send you a kiss
very strong, Xaveira. Thank you very much for
the super chat. It will help us get up
from ruin. But why don't you write?
nothing, Xira?
Xavira, a kiss.
That suffering, right? From being there,
but not being able to do anything for you
son, because your son has eaten the
Coco, which also surprises me a little,
true, eh,
that in the end made me feel cornered
always making problems from where
I didn't know. I decide to break up after
For many years I have tried to separate myself several times
sometimes, but I never ever dare to
tell him/her. This
what has actually made me jump this
or or or thing
mine. He jumped me, man. Of
true, how disgusting. I have to I have to
update the browser,
Hey? I have to update eh eh the
browser, that is, it gives me some jumps,
even face-to-face videos. Your son
He has been brainwashed by his father and he doesn't
It gives you access to neither a paper nor just
wants to see you.
And when she tells Marcos that
What are you going to say to Daniel now?
You had told him that less and nothing
would be out, that Marcos García Montes
say that's what Daniel has
perceived, which is the only one that has arrived
to those own conclusions and that he does not
He has said nothing, that's all
lie. All lies. I mean, imagine
the situation. Sure, huh,
Silvia put on
fatal and eh he had to bite his
tongue and hm moved away, moved away a little
because I couldn't take it anymore. The truth is that,
Well, the question here is that eh
She had to take it herself so as not to
hit him, but before leaving he said,
"You are a mobster, a liar and a
scoundrel." These are the three phrases that
he told her. You are a mobster, a liar and
a scoundrel.
AND
when he walked away, this is true, eh,
This is apparently true, huh? Move
fat, eh, there was a time when
He saw it again and repeated it to himself.
You are a mobster, a liar and a
scoundrel.
So at that moment, here I have no
very clear if it was his chauffeur or who
It was, but the fact is that
Someone saw the scene from afar and didn't
He could hear nothing, but he sensed that
something was not right
good
and he went over there and took her, right? But
Imagine, imagine the pain of a
mother who has been taken away from the
beginning his son, what can you say,
"Well, your son may not be well,
but well, the father could have said,
Man, no, your mother has to
participate."
that you knew perfectly well that the defense
was a
absurdity.
Uh, let's see, I understand that the father
I would think the defense was a good one
defense. I don't think he had the
idea, I mean, I think he will live in the
world of Yupi and you would think that the
defense was a good defense. I mean,
Imagine the scene, huh?
and on top of that, of course, you tip over, eh?
all your frustration, all your pain and
You tell Marcos, hey, what's going to happen?
now. What are you going to tell my son?
Hm, what are you going to say to him? and that he you
say it's a lie, that he hasn't
talked about how he was going to return in 4 years,
that it is simply the same as the, that is,
that the presumption of innocence never
I had said that they couldn't do it, eh?
demonstrate and that he had not said either eh
Well, nothing of that in very little
time eh was returning to Spain, right? and?
They were only going to condemn him for the crime of
the dismemberment. It's the story, come on,
the story that you sometimes hear
Marcos at that time
and you get the feeling that it is already happening to you
saying as if he is going to be acquitted,
I think this is something he said.
Do you know? Seeing the situation, seeing
that your son is his fault, obviously
because he committed the act, but it is not
It is the fault of the lawyer as such. This is it
We will discuss it tomorrow with se vale,
My mother told me, "That's why you have the
little whistle crying face." I don't mind
I think, Georgio, that your mother told you
that's it, man. A kiss, huh? Tomorrow with
We will comment on everything in Triunar. For me,
Well, this mountain is the lawyer's fault.
Well, it's the father's fault,
No? The father's fault, rather,
No? What news was this, eh, today?
Hey, look, we've talked about it a lot.
of times, eh, how many times have we
spoken about the subject of the royal house
that never demands. They never sue.
I mean, imagine Leticia getting down to it
sue. Who would YouTube turn to?
crazy?
The king's house is disassociated from the
legal actions taken by the
emeritus against Miguel Ángel Revilla. EITHER
be it, Juan Carlos
I have put one
demand civil suit to
Revilla through the law firm
from Guadalupe Sánchez, that's good, I
I know this woman, this woman has been wearing
eh some procedures of some
My friends at infoblogger are doing it.
she
eh al a Ayuso's partner takes her
she. Mm. Who else did he take?
Guadalupe? I know several people who
to which
It's Guadalupe, but how strong, huh?
Because normally the royal house, nobody
of the royal house has never sued.
Eh, in England we have seen that
was stylish, okay? That the princes are
there tied up with demands to the media
communication and others.
But look, your majesty, Don Juan Carlos
of Bourbon and Bourbon, has entrusted me with his
representation and defense in the exercise
of civil protection actions
of the right to honor provided for in the
Spanish legislation against Don Miguel
Ángel Revilla, Member of Parliament
from Cantabria. Hey, these actions
judicial proceedings have as their object a series
from statements made publicly
by Miguel Ángel Revilla before different
media between the months
May 2022 and January 2023
2025, in which he seriously slandered
my client and referred to him
using insulting expressions,
defamatory and opprobrious that injure their
fundamental right to
honor. That is, he has filed a lawsuit,
Hey? He has filed a lawsuit against him. I have been
seeing one of the eh expressions, right?
One of the interviews that
that Don Revilla liked, he dedicated to
To Juan Carlos, okay? And I'm going to put you
an extract meaning eh from the
anthill, okay? That will be a
pioneering ruling. Completely,
completely. Look, Guadalupe has
some lawsuits against the pioneer.
Guadalupe has some lawsuits against
the pioneer because the one from Facuo carries it
Facuo Infoblogger and the Meconios
They sued Faco and the one of the and the
Infoblogger and the Meconios take them to
Guadalupe and But well, in the end the
lawyer can be good. I think that
David Bravo is also a good lawyer,
but in the end there is a case or there is not
case, because it is also a little in the
background, right? Not only the lawyer.
Look, Joan Plana hired some
lawyers who are the same as Jesulín
from Ubrique, eh, those from Averum, this, they
spent a fortune on lawsuits
h
to the right to honor. One, the nicoteca,
If I'm not mistaken, it's the nicotine store. TO
Nico takes him to his family,
I don't know if it's his father who is a lawyer and
and to Adrian, to the libertarian who emerges
Pablo was carrying them and he lost them both.
Joan Plana and mine remained at zero. EITHER
well, you did the fitting, you did the percale,
No? Look at the mess, right? That is, you
Well, obviously, having good lawyers
Well, and professionals help and everything.
he
roll, but not the fact that they are the
more expensive or the more such they make them
better. That is, many times there are more
humble and that maybe they don't screw you
€25,000 for each procedure and
They also solve your dispute
because the dispute is there and look, it is that
This is not like this, this is like this.
The emeritus king made a mistake, a
failed. And it is in one of those deliveries
that were made of these years of the
Chilaba, yes, well, they gave him 100
millions. Wow. Specifically in Arabia
Saudi 100 million and 100 million,
mother
mine. 100 million, my goodness. He gave him 65
to your close friend, your beloved or what
that it was called. Corina. Corina.
Well, now I'll ask you the following:
ask. You do have 100 million
euros and all you have is 100
millions of euros, I think for very
how generous you were and set the record
world of generosity, not being you
wife or your children, that you would give to a
close friend 65 million. The question
that is, the king was given
100 from Saudi Arabia according to Revilla, and and
The king gave his friend Corina 65.
He is generous enough to give 100.65
or we have to think that it is so much what
has, which may have more than 1000 that
65 is, after all, a bad day that has
had or a detail that has been had. AND
what is this?
Under
1000. Less than
1000. A
see. No, no, he's already closed up shop. Ha
closed
in a hurry. Well, look, it's not even there.
Mik. Mik has been here for a few minutes now
was. Wow, when have you seen less than
1000 closed it, huh? Instantly,
Hey? Mother.
No, you don't think that because 100 are
tested, huh? Where did he make the mistake?
When he complained to the other lady that
give it back to him. And what did the lady say?
Saint Rita Rita, what is given is not
removes.
I mean, but I don't see this.
slanderous, isn't it? I mean, this is a thing
that was talked about and I think this has
some basis, right? That is, when this
man is saying this here in
public, that I am against the
corrupt, I have never stolen in my life nor
in thought and I am not a cheater
because I pay every last cent. AND
I want the person who has represented me and
He represents me as an example, but to the maximum
level, even higher than that of that fraudster
from the street that hasn't arrived for months
at 1000. Ale, eh, yes, he has 1000
spectators, usually 1000, 100 and
These days the number of viewers has increased a bit.
because we are mentioning it, we are
with the little steak, right? With the fight,
but it is true that as soon as it goes down
out of 1000, okay? Well, if we are the
Besides, he cuts because he is ashamed
that they release the screenshots and all that stuff
that. Okay, actually it hasn't been
not even 2 hours, look, live. Okay,
Elena, a kiss, sweetheart, how are you?
Thank you so much for that member,
very pretty. does not have a responsibility
as this gentleman had that in the
Christmas called us, eh?
to be all equal and to be contributors
for and to be all equal before the law.
That's why I'm against him and not against him.
son. And I also say that we have a great
king in his son and that all those balls
To me the son seems a better king than him
They are applauding these arrivals and those
gone. I come to think that if they defend him
It is because they would do the same in the case of
be in his situation. Uh. Phew!
Oh, look, eh. And what are we going to do? AND
eye, eh. Eye. Let's see, Revilla to me.
It's not like I'm a person who
I especially like it. I've seen some
scenes of him that he has never clarified
with the cigar eating. There was one that was
with the COVID thing and the guy was like in
a reserved area. I don't know, really. I don't know,
the truth. There were some things that didn't make sense to me.
were very clear, but I don't see that the
man is here slandering. I understand
which will depend on how they can give
truthfulness, right?, to what he's telling.
Clear. Hey, the king thing
Corina, uh, this is in the country. He
gift from Saudi Arabia's gift to
Juan Carlos for his coronation.
dollar. The money was deposited in a
Swiss bank and did not declare
Tax authorities. Okay, Revilla said 100,
No? He said 100
Revilla. I guess it will depend on the
veracity, of what can be demonstrated and
of what not, because I understand that
insulting expressions, well no, not them
there is. Well, there aren't any, actually. The thing about
José Fernando, we'll see him tomorrow.
I thought they had put some
advance or
something, but we'll see
tomorrow.
And and and
and we're off to the bun, now. And we go to the
bun. And we're off to the bun, family.
Look, uh, look. We're going to the bun.
It turns out that today Juanjo
posted this tweet when I woke up,
Okay? Well Juanjo had a tweet with the
whopping
of this now. Eh, I think if a peseta
gave to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. My mother said that of the three
let's go over the half. Crying face of
laughter.
Thanks a lot.
Well, we've already had the 14th super chat. Tea
Imagine if we reached 50 super
chats this
evening? Can you imagine that we reach the
50 super chat tonight? It's true,
I'm feeling a bit unwell today, huh? I have a face
as if tired, sleepy. We'll see
see how we spend the night. Well, when
I have
woke up this morning, you know
For me, morning is 12:30, it is
the time I get up basically
because I go to bed very late. I get up
To pick up Lorena from the course, I
I get up to, well, I pick up Lorena,
Well, before picking up Lorena, I
I get up to take the dog out, do the
beds and that and I'll go for Lorena and I'll go
for the children and well, they are the
12, 12 something, right? Likewise this
The tweet was posted by the lazy guy at 9 o'clock in the
tomorrow, from what I'm seeing there
downstairs, and I find that Juanjo
because I had
dedicated your awakening today. I had
woke up he had woken up
thinking about me. The other night he went to bed
with a smile thinking of me and today
woke up thinking about me too.
What does it say? Well it says, "Yesterday
we had even more difference with eyes
sad
condemned. Extra advertising always
comes in handy. Bad day for the
haters. Thank you and good morning.
Of course, you read this you and you say you,
"[ __ ], I [ __ ] on the [ __ ]." First things first
It's that I, uh, that's what you don't understand, this
you don't get the creature, okay? It is the
What doesn't get to me is that it wouldn't affect me.
and I would be completely indifferent if he
suddenly had 300,000 views on each
straight. I am not him. That is, he
reflects on what he does. He has here
the screen with me open, right? AND
and he competes with me. It's not even
It doesn't even compete with the channels of the
heart. He is very sick with me.
That's how it is, okay? And why is it very
bad with me? I compare it with
Syndrome, that of the incredible ones. Do you know?
Disney's The Incredibles movie?
He was a guy who is my fan and idolizes me.
so much that he wants to be me. Try, huh?
He tries to copy me, he tries to buy the
same chair, the same microphones, the
same headphones. Try to be Javi
Oliveira. I wonder if a peseta would give
every Spaniard. Thanks, Alen. But not to
me, where they have to give.
We love you sad eyes. A kiss. AND
then he doesn't want to be named. Well,
Macare. Eh, I think that I think that
depends. What happens is that it is already happening
frustrating because of course, it hasn't worked out
the plans he had during these
two years that it has been an agreement that he
has not complied. Well, they haven't come out
because what he was doing was
how to recruit bad guys who were leaving
fighting with me and what he wanted was
his dream, what he believed was going to happen
happen and it hasn't happened is that he was now going
to be in a position that was the one that
I was there when the other controversy
ancient. When the other controversy
ancient, what happened? Well then
I was like the one having the argument
with him, the baton, right? Let's say, and others
channels were commenting, supporting me
to me, okay? They did this because
they wanted. I didn't send anyone to
comment on nothing or nothing. I myself I myself
I manage very alone, don't I? And he for some reason
reason because it was believed that going
joining everyone who was leaving
fighting with me or my enemies, then
He was now going to have that side like that
and everyone had given it to me and no
Are they going to mess with me or do I not care? EITHER
be, the only ones like that who put themselves
publicly to go against me are
sick. That is, the art of Troy, the Pepa,
the loli, that is, that is your clan. Guajo.
Okay, but well, the
move that is what you do not understand, is what
that doesn't get it, it's that I don't, I don't
I wouldn't care if he had
audience, has no audience, I do not
would remember him. For me he is a character
more like Lolihuerta, like Peppa,
how is this, you know? That is, it does not have the
greater relevance to me. I've already said it
many times, it's no competition for me.
That is, we don't do the same thing. He doesn't know
He does the same thing as me, but not in the same
channel of the heart, nor in the channel of
kids, not even on the main channel. No
does the same things I do, but
absolutely not at all. I now
I invent this, I invent that, I do
this live with this guest, I go out and
I do a report, I don't know where, I do it
other. I mean, no no no it's not my
competence. You don't do the same as me,
Juanjo. But apart from him, notice how
He is so sick that he takes it and says,
"Well,
[Music]
emo I don't compare myself with the rest of
channels. That's that every time the
people tell him, but Juajo, if Javi has
many more viewers than you and many
more visits, has the sauce shop and has
the main channel." And he says, "No, no,
No, but I'm comparing myself
I only with those who are the channels of
my theme, but not me, because according to
He, long live the sad eyes, sign of
exclamation point, exclamation mark, comma
and not the expressionless eyes. A kiss.
According to him, family, he does not compare himself with
my other channels, he only
compare with my channel Telesalseo, which is
my third channel. It's my third channel,
Okay? He only compares himself to me
channel
Telesalseo because that is the theme of the
heart. He doesn't compare himself to news
American and with news from YouTubers and
Latin America and others, no, no, he alone
with telesalseo. And then this is where
the question comes, which is when the
people then say, "Well, still
comparing yourself only to the channels
of the
heart, Javi from Hablando Claro has
per video many more views than you."
Javid speaking clearly has in the calculation
total channel views many more than
you. Diego Arrabal also by video and
by
visits. Mike Vasco. Mike Vasco in each
live has many more viewers
than you.
Yeah, yeah, but I'm the only one with
Javi. He only competes with Javi. Is
like, but if they don't have to
measure yourself against Javi either. If it is that
Look, Juano, if you are so many
followers you have in
on your main channel, right? Doing
the shorts and these things that you do for
inflate. Okay, 24 likes, look, man, or
So, we updated your Twitter and you have 24
likes, man. I mean, on your Twitter you don't
continue neither go, nor Peter. This is my
Twitter, okay? I mean, Twitter
Juanjo's is
this, man. He doesn't even follow you.
Peter. Not even Peter follows you. Look, you have
announced your live an hour ago and
has four likes. Four likes in one
hour. Ana Cotilla also has more.
Anyone has more.
Anyone has more. But now, of course,
You hear this and say, "Well, but
I am very happy today and it is a bad
day for haters, that is, all the
Juanjo's haters are bitter because you have
had more visits than
I." If you compare it to the ones on TV,
It depends, Brenda, it is compared to those of
TV when it wins. It is a person with
many complexes. I see him as a person
with many complexes, very insecure, that
needs to be felt, you know?
I mean, of course, you read this tweet and
You say, "Holy crap, bad day for haters."
from Juanjo." Damn, what a triumph, right? What
triumph is celebrating. And it is
celebrating 19,000 visits,
Juanjo. 19,000 visits,
Juanjo, on a followers' channel
that you have.
This is this is a success that you are
celebrating and and that you are celebrating
this
with Telesalseo which has 14. Host,
Congratulations, Juanjo. 5000 more visits.
5000 more views of my channel
tertiary. But apart from this, it's weird,
No? Because it says 9 hours ago and then
says 9 hours ago. If I didn't do it yesterday
direct at the same time as
you, what do you catch? You go and find out
what a sleepless night this one must have had
to catch the catch at the moment
the one that fits with the visits that do not
I know what, I don't know how much, that the
first few hours are not more
real. Look
down you
direct, okay? Your live yesterday has
22,000
visits. Your live stream yesterday has 22,000
visits. It lasts 2 hours.
My live broadcast yesterday from my channel
tertiary
has 18,000
visits and it lasts the same, more or less
lasts
same. Okay? What's going on?
Because if you see here broadcast a while ago
day and mine is issued 22 hours ago,
Of course, they take two hours of
difference. It's that I this capture, what
that's what there will be
made to take this screenshot? I mean,
3000 views, Juanjo, is celebrating
3000 visits difference. My mother,
uncle.
22 and mine is 18 going on 19. 3,000
more visits. And you put on this twist
celebrating it as if you had done it.
That? But family, what could he have done?
to take the screenshots? Because here
It says 9 hours ago and here it says 9 hours ago
hours and we broadcast at the same time
time yesterday because yesterday I started super
late. I started at 11:30, did you?
do you remember? What the hell did he do? AND
then he says that people get high
laugh. Well, reality yesterday
It was this time, Juanjo, you were
on your secondary channel with 600
spectators and at the same time. These are
catches taken at the same time. I was with
18 people here at 12 at night or
things like that. I mean, who knows?
what he has done to take those screenshots
at the same time. But well, since it is known
It's comparing with the live shows, come on.
Let's see how much Mica had in the last one
straight.
Anita, follow me on
Mik has 55,000 views in the last
straight.
Wow, how absurd. But then the thing about the
sad eyes, right? Of course, people are
saying sad condemned eyes. Already
super chopped,
No? These are my eyes.
Come on. You have them here in case you don't
they look the same. You can zoom.
Okay. And these are yours,
guajo. Man,
dude, I don't care because I don't care
Physical, you are not something, I care
my physique, yours is not that I care,
but
son,
No, I don't think you have the concept.
accepted, that is, I don't think you have the
well-located reality.
Ju, it's not for nothing, eh? But you what?
Each person is as they are and have their physique
that has and appears to be what it appears to be,
but you have the reality a little bit
distorted,
Hey? No
I know, I don't know, my God, but well, every
one is what one is. He has knocked down this cli,
uncle. I [ __ ] on 10. He has knocked down the
click, man. Not this man, this man
does not do anything other than
knock down click, huh? Well, this is a
clip that I think we heard yesterday
piece in which Juanjo said that his
support
to
Raet, a violent person who is
right now on bail for about
death threats, okay? To which Juanjo
this
following simply and plainly because I
harass, okay?
simply and plainly because he harasses me,
because he harassed my wife, he threatened
my son and these things, okay? In this
click that Juanjo has
knocked Salome down, okay? That when
Salomé recovers it, you can do it again.
see in a week Salomé will have it
recovered, okay? In this clip, Juanjo
says that this was a trap that we
I had put to see if we were
pending on him, who had the tweet
published for a few seconds and the
trap
it worked. That the trap worked because
we fell. And here as it has done very well
Roberto was caught
Navarrete, the capture that I
they sent.
The capture that they sent me,
Juanjo, it's been more than an hour since your
tweet. Why do you lie to him all the time?
time for your followers, man? That is, it is
that there is no [ __ ] truth,
uncle. No, he doesn't support Ray, but he is
that you have been following him on Twitter for a while
a lot of days, only and exclusively
because he threatened me, man. Because it has happened to me
threatened to come to Seville, because he has
threatened to go after my [ __ ]
son. So, man, who to whom?
are you still there? Juanjo, that is, so obsessed
you're with me that you follow a guy from
Venezuelan crypto you don't know
absolutely nothing simply because
He's stalking me, man. That's your
disease. Tough, huh? Bad, bad,
bad. But well, here you said one
lie and that's why you threw the cli to
Salome, okay? Here you said that you had
posted the tweet for a few seconds
to see if they fell.
No, no, my son. What happens to you
would write something in the answers of the
tweet and then you deleted it. But
Well, for today, Juanjo,
congratulations. Congratulations on your 3000
more visits.
Bravo, bravo, family. A little applause in
the chat. A
applause. Bravo, Juajo. 20,000
visits.
Congratulations, man. Every day you surpass yourself
further
and I'm good, thank me in the chat that
In your tweet you thank me for the
my advertising. You're welcome, man. Glad to hear it
of having contributed to your arrival
at 20,000 views and still going
harvesting so many
successes. I'm glad, man. Glad to hear it
lot. I am very happy for you
you. 20,000 visits, eh, family.
20,000 visits,
Hey? Today you can sleep with a smile,
Hey? 20,000 visits, eh, bravo,
Juanajo, really, bravo, man. Of
true, I'm very glad, really,
for you who have had 20,000 visits,
the
true, a complete success,
uncle. You got it, man. You have it
taken with that live. What were you talking about?
live, by the way?
Oh my God. I'm seeing something, huh.
Go. I'm looking like a [ __ ]. Not me
comes out now. I want one thing. Not me
sale. V.
Okay. Well, let's see, to put us on a
little in context, let's remember
This, which I think comes from here
busy, huh? In fact, this part I think
that we saw her.
Xenophobic comments made in a
channel, well, made by a person who
has a
channel in a private group of
WhatsApp. He
beans
complaint that they have
leaked some chats from a group of
WhatsApp. I understand that it is from WhatsApp.
I don't know if you said it was from
WhatsApp, but I understood that it was from
WhatsApp. Where there is a person who
has a channel of
YouTube that addresses him in that chat
with very tones
racists. For me that is
worse. And it's worse
Because I repeat, I don't give a damn, but
come here and greet me normally.
And also that person of whom no
we know who it is
still,
[Music]
em sometimes walks around the chat
of the
beans as if nothing was happening, as if
pretending to like him. He greets me
normal while within that group
It is said that I have [ __ ] color
third world. [ __ ] color
They call man third-world and that
I lie down and roll around with my
moderator, because she is not either
that we are not in a position to do so either
tear our clothes, right? Antonia
Carmona @elton, but tell me who has
said all those things because it remains as
who has said it
Peppa and you're right.
Well, but I'm going to have told Peppa to
from Troy, Loli if I know. I'm not coming and
panda, I don't know.
They say without saying and Peppa has all the
ballots. Of course Terc, that's very funny.
Come on Peppa, no way. I believe myself
that what they said they told him
Elto were you. Whoever it is does not have
shame. Of course honey, but
has to say who who is
because they are pointing at me in a way
very shameless.
They are pointing at me in a very way
shameless and then he has to say
Peppa yes or Peppa no. AND
Of course, let's see if he gets along with
Loli Huerta, gets along well with the art of
Troy.
The charisma that you have and the sympathy
you are born with it. He is a bread without salt.
Maria, what beautiful things you say to me.
Thanks a lot. Hey, well we're wearing
17 out of 50, huh? With the nonsense. We carry
17 out of 50, huh? We may be able to
to raise this ruin. Where is my
Alasne today and Lili? They didn't come today
not one. No, of the
two. Mimi, have they left you alone today? No,
there in front of the hair. Oh no, there's Russel.
also. There was Russel
also. But Lasne is here today,
Nana, right? And neither does Lili. No, the
evidence. I am the one who does it
put.
You can do is throw the stone, hide
the hand and now and now what the seed nothing
but not because you get along well with Loli,
you get along well with Areta, you get along well
With Silvengo, you get along well with De
In fact, from what I was told, I don't know if
I have it here,
Russel, in fact, as far as I'm concerned,
They said, Ardroya made a move
Okay. That is, the one from Troy used an AI,
an artificial intelligence and put
name of several youtubers to see this
it is, isn't it? I mean, let's see, Troy is burning with the
Twitter's artificial intelligence,
man. Nao, how are you? Gorgeous. A
kiss, my life.
A kiss, queen. The one from Troy has taken and
has put several names in the
Twitter's artificial intelligence.
Okay, a list of possible suspects
to give a possible name of
Who said those racist things to him?
beans. Okay. And in that
Arde Troya list has mentioned the
Juanjo. Of course, Troy is burning right now.
has the healthy ones.
Do you see it up here? No, Leo, Leo, it
above. Tell me. Have you seen how the
can I roll more? No, no, no, but what do you know?
free, that we go with the truth,
Danish. We are going with the truth.
Look, look,
but look, look, even if he messes things up, but it is
that we are going, we are going with the
true, then they are going to lose.
They're saying, let's go right now
brave, we have little shame that
get Juanjo into this and what I'm doing
I am saying precisely that you should not put
Juan Juven
this.
[Laughs]
Ah. Oh, how they are fighting over there
the alanas, huh? Damn, you already have to
be desperate to want to be in
your chat, damn. What the [ __ ] do you want
the healthy ones?
Damn, I want people to see my
direct, I don't want the Sanes, who
put it there in the background, don't even look at me
listening. It was he who put in
Juanjo on the list, I don't know, for
to play the fool or to Yes, but
precisely in this live, before
know that, if they give you back,
I was saying that Juanjo was there
It is also ruled out that Juanjo does not
It's going to be and look, look at the list, I mean,
he
Troy has put Juanjo in a
ready for intelligence
artificial, of course, because he walks
short of normal intelligence, right?
And then for intelligence
artificial tells you based on I don't know what,
I don't know what criteria, I don't know, that is, what
data has given them, tell him who
would be the
racist and then of course, how are you going to
put Juanjo in? The list is untouchable,
eh, that he put that Antonio still put
from troll, Tania PM, Lolerta Transo,
Juanjo chain
blog Inesa 63 blog that's the list. Fi
you the list. Almost not her
list. Hey, is it true what they are telling me?
putting in the chat?
Rosario, hey, it wouldn't hurt them
Pepa the
wings, which would have a very good use
Well. Already. Well, when they finish with the
kitchen of
Amador, when you finish with the kitchen
Amador, let them come over there. that to
posteriori a posteriori in this live
yesterday he is saying that he knows
who it was, he knows who it was,
that cannot be said. So that one
list we know that one of those has to
be. Let's see how this one turns out. Me to me
I would like to know how it will come out
This is Antonio saying that he knows who it is,
which is there on the list and now see how
It comes out because my mother knows, we know that
it's not. Nesa says it's not either and I
I believe it. Without knowing you Nesa, I'm not going either.
to put your hand in the fire, but
I also believe you because that is what has
It is said that he said that he collaborated with
Latin.
So who is it then? Listen to me, one
tala is saying it, they are putting in
Nesa, the one who is causing trouble with her mother and him
son. Because? But mom, don't do it to him.
case. Mom, no, don't pay attention. Don't you
pay attention to those people because they don't
are. What do you mean no? To him because I
I also have the zanas here and I
I also have to face the
chestnuts. But but mom, the people of
here you are looking. I have alasan and
I have to stand up for the wings. EITHER
It is, you see, having a community that
It's not yours, huh?
having a community that is not yours, the
direct and knows what's going on, mom.
People don't just play dumb either.
Here the troll does not mean that everything
the world be, you know? But what about the
people know what I am the first thing that
They can throw it back and say so what
You see perfectly well that I say that
Juanjo has put the troll here for
the face, but look, look at the have to
defend Juajo. I'm not even making it up.
in the possibilities. The only one
possibilities that remained to me were
Nesa, who has just come and is here
Here, he is saying that he has not collaborated
with
with Latino and and us, that is, white and
bottle, there are no more people, already
there are no more people, there are no more people.
There are no more people. Let's see
how to see how we put it more
Of course, there are no more people for the
list. That there are no more people on the list.
I don't know whether to cry anymore, huh. But it is that
I just don't understand the names.
Let's see what people were in a group.
Lili, what?
happens? We are here asking for
you. What time is this? 11:28.
And who is left? Although I do not enter into it
channel nothing more than I know, once a
month.
Of course it smells like a lie. Elisa de la
Cruz says, "What they are doing to you
speculate." I don't know, it smells like a lie.
Completely. I don't believe it.
Has it become clear or what? Let's see, let's go
watch Russell's video, this one is not it
I saw.
Russell says, "Good afternoon,
saucers. Pay attention that we have
news of the bean bun, the one that
had received racist attacks and
Pepa, the first
suspicious. There were two possibilities,
that one of his friends had done it
fact or that Elton made it up
attack, which could also be. I think
if a peseta gave Mercedes. What's happening,
my love? But not to me, where they have
meet. Look, I like you, but no
I forgive the anthill and I always catch you
started. Well, Mercedes, if it's for
that, I'll let you take me when
you want. If it's for Pablo Moto, I'll leave you
that you take me whenever you want. I needed
a while, Javi. It's not you, it's me.
Well, Lili, eh, I hope now
Let's come back stronger and that will help us
to be more united. The truth is, many
sometimes you have to miss each other. Many
sometimes you have to miss each other. Bad
It's that, of course, I am a person
a little that quickly gets to me
further. I also tell you, well, let's see,
You know that a few days ago there was a
partner who is Elton Joel on his channel
of spicy sauce dropped a
information and naturally everything
pointed out. All the things that the
small great details that said
They were aiming at the warriors and at me or at me
and to the warriors. We are talking about
racism, a very train
controversial and very sticky.
We've been saying, I said, but I don't
I think Pepa was publicly, hey,
To, at least to say Pepa is not
not that
less. But it has not been like that and I put it
Elton, good afternoon. I am writing to you by
Pribi because I think it's the most
correct. But what is the most important thing for?
correct? That is, I'm writing to you privately.
For Prii, okay? Uh, because I think it is
hills
correct. But if you are going to go out later and
You're going to do a live broadcast with the message
what is right about it. It is an invention of the
yellow. Do you believe, Clara and
Lolo? But do you think this
people can have Well of course, this
We can give it a spin, this one
people having a drama? These people
having a
drama because they have told the beans
yellow when we were here
all night calling the beans and
before one of you has compared the
Peruvians with
disabled people. I mean, the truth is that
These people make the world more
complicated, right? Well, yes, it is yellow.
the boy, well yellow, take for
ass. It's cardboard-colored, that's it. That
are we going to do it? Nothing happens either,
We're not going to be offended, are we? I once,
I once lay down
one, I threw, damn, look, Donald Trump,
I put on one of these creams that you
you throw to give yourself the rays, to take
the sun, things like that. There is one, there are some
tanning lotions that accelerate melanin production
that one, whatever I want to call it. Well
There was one, he gave me carrot cola. Believe
that I spent two or three days without doing anything
direct, in fact. Hey,
coloanahoria, damn. But if I had
said carrot, I would have
laughing his head off. I'm going to put racism here
nor racialism.
Elton, good afternoon. I am writing to you by
Pribi because I think it's the most
correct. Do you know what it is because of the topic?
This is what they told you about the
those comments, from what I am being told
pointing out everyone and rightly so,
What are you saying is it a youtuber who comes in?
from time to time to your channel that now
is collaborating with Latino Raet and his
girlfriend, all this at the end, [ __ ], that's it
said that he is now collaborating with
Latinos. Host,
Of course, I'm fine with him collaborating
Pepa with Rae seems wonderful to me,
Hey? A [ __ ] marvel. By the way,
You wrote to me a lot to give me the
instructions for
report it and I have to Host, well
Look, that's another thing, [ __ ], I have a lot
things to do, huh? That could be
Another thing I could dedicate this to
night to do, because I have to write
one thing and send him all the files,
all the things this man has done
and [ __ ], I was looking a little at what
had done it to me and has done it to me more, or
well, it has done more to me than to the guy
who reported him for the one who
They locked him up, eh, that's why he's now
denying and is deleting the comments
who has threatened me and so on,
But come on, let them start collaborating.
simply, man. Uncle, because of hatred for one
person is crazy, huh? I mean, it's like
If Peppa suddenly fights with him
Troy, well, they are already here
fought, in fact, didn't they? Or Loli with the
Pepa, who has also fought
done, and I start talking to myself
I'll join some of them, the balls.
with any of those people
because they fight among themselves. The
balls. Well, what these do is
join with
people who think badly of you for sure,
because let's see, if you have one
Of course, Pepa is actually from
RAE doesn't think it thinks very badly either,
No? That is, in the case of Pepa and
Rae are very like that,
No? But for example Miare's mother
being a colleague of the Raet, if you are
feminist, you are against abuse
to women, you are against, damn,
Well no, because my mother doesn't support me.
Tania. Tania, a kiss. Tania, you
we support you, I withdraw your cause. What is it?
As? What?
What? What the [ __ ]? Well, the mother
de la Tane now, the mother of Miare
now talking to Rae, right? Look,
look at this,
you. I mean, it's like, "Wow, man, that's a
objectively violent uncle. He's a guy
objectively violent, huh?
that he started doing a live show
of I don't know how many hours with my wife
on the screen insulting her for the
physical,
stalking her, man. Some were leaked
audios of him to the ex-partner of a
the couple I had before the one I
has now. Um, some leaked.
audios of this guy yelling at him, "What
answer the [ __ ] phone?" You put me
oh. Well, yes, there is a need.
see him and they talk to each other about it
simple fact that he was a friend of
Dallas and now he has fallen out with
He and my mom promoting Ray,
retweeting him, you know? That is not good,
no no no it's mutual like what the [ __ ].
I mean, and it's for a simple reason, that
He explains it many times, then he
I will explain in the salseria also
explains many times. They are people who
objectively, because it may fall on you
better or worse a person, right? Can
follow Javi, you can follow Juanjo,
you can follow
And Ah, Ah, look, Juanjo is in
straight, man. Let's go
promote him with Amador Moedano in
exclusive. It now has 700 spectators
same. Hey, look. Bravo, dude. Good. EITHER
well, they are people who, for example, you
You may like Carlota Corredera better or
worse, okay? There are people who
like, there are people who But they have
already some moves, Peppa, Rae, are
people who are objectively bad
people. So what they do is like
a
association, you know how the association
This is from Alcoholics Anonymous therapies and
those things, right?, that between them they
support. That is, Pepa surely yes
knows the story of Ra and all things
what Rae has done thinks it's a
violent and the Rae of Pepa
will think knowing everything that has been done
Pepa and others, right? What happens is that
what they do is agree. I support you
to you and you support me in that way,
You know? But it's mind-blowing. I'm not that
I see it as, damn, how important
am. It is leading one to think that AOC Asok
it's me. When I eat
you when like you like me we know that no
It is not like that in the least. So I would like to
for the difference we have between us
clarify who it is or in a bad way
you will confirm in public that it is not me
the whole post, the whole post is about the truth.
Thanks in advance and hopefully this
don't go anymore. Spanish also me
Elton answers. Hello Peppa.
This topic is being made bigger
some
warriors. They've been in my box for days.
comments from several live streams and no longer
I have spoken about the subject. Troy is burning
straight back in the day and I told him to leave
the same as the subject, I did not say who, nor
not even the sex of the person and he already
dropped the subject. Let's go there, it doesn't bother him.
That and above all giving them material
others. I haven't mentioned anything yet. I
live I will say forget about it.
Each one to their own issues and nothing happens. A
greeting. Look, I'll answer again now.
But they are not pointing the finger at de Toya, nor at
to Loli, nor to Silena Vengo, nor to anyone
more so because the few details that do,
Dolores, I have realized that Pepa
the setup and so on has changed, but
Well, he doesn't give it any importance. There will be
perhaps the woman missed it
[Music]
living room, I don't know, really. I don't know why
will be. He will have looked for a corner
where he is less awkward in the house. To the
better not, I don't know. They are things that
They pass by, he doesn't give it importance. They gave.
They're aiming at me. That's why I tell you that since
It doesn't cost you anything to confirm in public
that it's not me, that's only fair. Come on,
there has been no companion.
Well that's because they are insensitizing
that you are,
Peppa. Peppa breaks up with Elton
and they have unsubscribed from the
channel. Of course, they're going to get in between
they. That is, right now and now
They are even fighting among themselves.
Right now Pepa and the
air of
Troy. Ah, that's because of the mother. Well,
Yes, I can imagine. If it weren't for the
mother, it will be for any person of the
home. Sure, yes, yes, sure, I'll get it.
I imagine. Sure, right? Well, me too.
that I know. You fit into the little corner of
your house where least
bother. But well, now it's a fight
Peppa with the Troy ar to death, the
Loli with Peppa also to the death and that's it
Peppa with Elton too. Yeah,
Yeah. They are all going to kill each other.
they. And who was Tania with?
fighting? Well, I don't remember anymore.
who Tania was taking, with whom
No. I know it's Joan Plana's puppet
and they have that cat account
among all of them. The Tania. the
Nay and
others. Ah, well, right?
But Tania is also fighting with
some of these people, right?
when in his own his son had the little
ashamed to say that you don't know how
people can come
here to intimidate people
to see if
They manage to reduce to the maximum
channel and everything
December coming down, coming down, coming down
the [ __ ] from the aunt's mouth is that
only has [ __ ] to throw because
This aunt is nothing, nothing nor
nobody. It's a little evil that can be fixed with
money. It has an evil that can be fixed
with money. This lady
his mood
and his harassment and everything is fixed for him
with a
bizon and the bigger the better.
The next day he is sadder and that's it.
You no longer see when it ends up doing the
croquette. It was very bad. I was very
evil. It was very bad. But well, that's what they are
nothing that I don't know
fix. Damn, remember how bad it is
was until the one that appeared again
Irene León and said, "Pum pum, pum,
boom."
on the topic that the topic of the night was
That was the issue of infidelity and
things like that where we laugh a lot
and where are you from?
You take out, man, how you have not been faithful
neither
even from a week to nothing or to
nobody, right? Because you have dedicated yourself
a lot.
It's true, I had already been ruined.
forgotten. I had already forgotten. Stop
ruin.
Thanks lailos. We've already had 20 super
chat. We have had 20 super chats with the
nonsense, family. 20 almost the
half. I don't know if we have that much left.
to get to 50 super chat, huh?
But anyway, thanks,
pretty. Well, yes, it is the skin, isn't it? If so
you do it with consent, that is true
called fidelity, right?
If not, let them ask at home, right?
Host,
So Peppa, I advise you not to
pull out your tongue. Holy crap, but not me.
where the great minds have to go
generate ideas, poor minds generate
frustration.
Well yes, well yes, Salomé, you have all the
reason. Thank you very much, sweetheart. Hey,
Lili, what a phrase for the miniature that
They gave you a gift, huh?
Don't pull my tongue. Don't pull me
the tongue. Okay, I'll tell you.
I advise. I advise you. I mean, still
there is more than can be thrown at it
the language to this
women. The live thing is going to be short, let's go.
to press the little button. Ah, well, man,
you have to give it to him. I mean, there's still more.
things to pull at these people's tongues
heights.
I advise you because you are nobody.
to name things of nothing that does not have
only and exclusively to do with me. No
are
no one, since you in your live shows
You sell everything publicly, even the
times that you said.
How disgusting this woman is to listen to her
talk, huh? I mean, look at what
is saying is true. That is, Pepa
That's right, he's driven by money. La Pepa, the
Pepa would be here with us tomorrow if
we told him, eh, that we put one on him
little window in the huddle, do you understand me?
I mean, we've seen it many times already.
Well, Peppa in part, not in part
No, totally. He deserves to have
This lady, eh, being so repulsive
with her, because the truth is the loli, the
way he has of expressing himself against
Peppa or whoever is repulsive,
because you can say the same thing about another
shape, you know? But Peppa deserves it
because Peppa cooked this.
Enjoy what you have created, Peppa.
Enjoy what you have created. A
person calune every day. Loli no
It was like that before. She was going as very
Modest, very shy, she appeared by
here, appeared there. I remember that
the first appearance I think was where
Enrique, right? Um, well, the seed based
of heating it, by heating it to
warm his wallet, because I think this one
monster that is now eating her
same. Well, in fact, I don't think I'm even there anymore.
They mention me, don't they? It seems to me that
that they have all left me a little bit in
peace, right? That is, now the one who is
with me is the
Juanjo, precisely, is the one who is
with me now and I think I saw that it burns
Troy also continues to dedicate the
direct like me, right? But that is
normal because in the end you have to
dedicate the live shows, right? At
people
relevant. Look, you see. R Token vs.
Javias. Fate you the topics that are
playing this, what is happening in the
platform? How far can you go?
arrive, right? And now he will be
reacting. Come on, look, I haven't even
have not even been developed. Look,
We are going to enter and he, without me knowing it,
Look, without having seen the live show, it's that
They are like that, they work, they work like that.
mind, okay? His mind and his tal
They work on that basis. Look, Roken,
a person who harasses me, who has
threatened with violence, which has
threatened my son, who has dedicated
entire live streams harassing my wife. EITHER
well, it's a thing
objective. Objective. It's not saying, well,
Well, I like this one better, this one worse, here
I agree with you. No no. It's a person
which is objectively not right. Was
is now free under
bail. has the trial in May for
having threatened to kill a person
that the file was leaked the other day
police. Okay.
Well, here I take a photograph that
this, of course, this is the fact, this is the this
it's a photo.
Thanks Russel, a kiss, beautiful.
Thank you so much, man, we've been here for 22
cat face crying with laughter biceps.
Flexed cat. This is a photograph
that they take to laugh at me, that
The one I laugh at, I don't give a damn about
[ __ ]. I mean, I look at myself, you know? And I
I laugh at myself. This is a photograph that
These are the photos before starting to
train, which are the photographs that
the coach made us see the before
and after. that I have not done the one
after because I don't consider that yet
I have enough change to
put a little photo there and show it to you,
No? But they are the before and after photos.
afterwards, right? Um, I know I'm a mess.
a rubble here, that is, that's why
public, right? That's why I posted it,
No? Well, but the Ret the live of
yesterday all the time was, look, it has the
tits like a teenager without
develop, eh, like the girl is that
I asked for a photo and it is undeveloped,
I don't know, things like that. Okay, well, then
Don't worry, look, I'm going to give it to him.
to the
play, I'm going to hit play and the ar of
troll is going to be defending, okay? Without
having seen the click, I'm telling you,
He's going to defend it, he's going to like it very much.
what Ray says and such. I don't need more
without watching their live, okay? I don't know, I know
what is your opinion. What stalker? No,
No, a stalker, but in a way
objective, okay?
If without seeing your live, without seeing your
straight. I know what it's about, I know what it is
your opinion, I don't need it. Okay, look,
Javi, I ask the girls to do these
that I ask for nude photos,
They sent the photos and I ended up with this.
to say, although the sense is, the
Wolf said this, which would not surprise me
that he was the fool of the
drawings, if Ray said that, it will be
for a reason, right? I mean, look at what has happened
said Ray, huh? where they have to give. A
kiss, my queen, my handsome king. Thank you,
Solange. A kiss, man. It is always
supporting. I [ __ ] on everything. Look at the
nonsense that Ret has said and he is going to do it
justify and will say, "Well, if
He said for a reason." Yes,
although that's fine, Patricia. I believe
that everyone has a place in it
world. Look, Javi, I ask the
These are the girls I ask for photos
naked, they sent me the photos and I
what you just said, although the sen
This is the sentence Wolf, this one that I don't
I would miss him if he were the fool of the
drawings.
Solaje, a kiss, man. Thank you so much.
But I've already told you, don't go there.
put it all in, let's see if you're going to put it in
50. Thanks a lot, man. A round of applause
chat for Solaje. Well, we already have the
half, family. Well, we already have half of it.
of the objective. That said, it will be by way of
in an ironic way, because as they have
accused of so many things these days,
I guess ironically, I don't
I would like to think that this gentleman asks
photos of a developing girl. Hey, don't me.
I would like to think so. I think it's a way of
ironically they have cut the click
there to put it. Yes, yes, they have cut it.
the clio. Of course, as these are very given
to put the clicks at the moment that
they are interested in you. Man, of course, I'm not going.
to put a moment in which he says good
nights. Of course, I obviously put the
click that there is a topic.
Clear. I don't understand any more.
and take it out of the context of the
direct so that it is what they
want it to be. That's it.
If she married him, then she will be
peaceful,
Palmerilla, as long as she is not the
focus of his hatred. Lili is telling me
Solange, yesterday Raet dedicated some to you
how many minutes in the live
simply because he was watching a
straight from me, what they do every day
and suddenly Solange appeared
donating in the super chat. Solaje no
usually says nothing. He sends the super chat
and that's it. Well, he's telling me.
Lili who suddenly started insulting
Solange for the face.
No, it's a person who isn't there.
good. I wonder if you have me crazy.
lost. But not to me, where they have
meet. I am a girl crying with laughter.
Well, you didn't correct me yesterday that you were
boy, because I've always treated you
as a girl.
My goodness, I'm writing the topic. It
What's happening is that you already know how I go
of time, but I'm doing it, okay?
Well, if this reaches the authorities
from the United States, if he loses his hair.
Woman with her hand on her forehead, woman
with her hand on her forehead, woman with the
hand on forehead. I'm sure, I
I am absolutely sure that when
I'm writing that for you, okay? It
What happens is that you already know how I go because
I work, no, I'm not the laserlen, who
I dedicate myself to see what he has said
Aviente, do you understand me? And I am
sure when I present to him everything that
has done, it has done more to me already
that this guy who reported him and
They put him in prison with the one who has the
trial in May. I am sure that such
and as I present, where they told me
that he presents it, eh, that we have to send
one thing to the consulate and then another thing
on the other side of the United States, I am
I'm sure they're going to give him a, come on,
a 100% claw. And they told me that
I also asked him in a civil manner, that I
It costs money to file a civil complaint,
but well, I'll see what it is, but
that for the criminal issue I don't need it
spend a fortune, apparently. Is
money, but not that much. Okay, but I have
said that it goes by civil also that
that they are going to ruin it. So that this guy
ask him for something civilly, if this guy
has debts everywhere, it's not going to stop
win, you understand? And less than a country
to another. Ma gives him
And it really is ironic, isn't it? Maria
Diaz. Okay, I'll stay longer.
don't worry. So, I have a good concept
of this man. Don't be a goat with
this. I have a good opinion of this one
man. He doesn't know him at all.
nothing. He has a good opinion of this man.
simply because I
harasses. He is deported from the United States.
Yes, I think they will deport him, but I
I don't think they'll deport him. I think so
that I believe they will have it
imprisoned for a time. I mean, if already
has eh yes already has a theme also,
How the hell is a guy who doesn't have
self-control? I mean, I don't think so.
it depends on him. I think he no longer does he.
he can't. He is a violent guy and I don't know
can control. I mean, when you have
a brown like the one he has, that he has
the trial next month, how the hell
you are online bullying,
uncle? Know? So, I think that
They will almost certainly arrest. That is, in the
moment I present that, they are
too many things, huh? There are too many
things. I think he doesn't even remember
everything you've said about me, but oh well,
that Aretroyalo has a good one
concept about him, huh? Of course, with this
little phrase because that's what sells. Ra
Token, better known to all as Roken
alias the inmate, admits to asking for nudes of
girls who have not yet
developed. Look at what is well,
everything works in this little group works
everything like that. May it be that in the clear cl to you
You like this little group from Troy because
where they do not need and the King has said so
He meant that, yes
he is self-reporting
same. No, I don't brand Chamorro. Which
It doesn't matter if his head gets hot
that he has said and done that he has said it
him and it came from the soul, eh? It was born to him
of the soul. Take a moment, take the
emojis so you could see the face. You
was born from the soul.
Those girls who don't even know how to do it yet
have fully developed, they have
more have more little breasts than you, but
yours yours are conical, aren't they?
They are conical teats of these that are
They open like this to the sides, right? Tetica
[ __ ]. The tit
cone has some tits with Jaavi no
It has pear-shaped nipples, lemon-shaped nipples, one
stuff
like this, cone type. Mace the grace. Seems
a toothpick goat.
with this man's things. Look,
Javi, I ask the girls to do these
that I ask for nude photos,
They sent the photos and well, it's done.
said, right? Let's go to ah to
see. Well, here we also have that
says the canine Clis, the granddaughter girlfriend of
Pablo Franco exhibits documents
judicial. Look how far they are
reaching extremes with Raet. Look
how far the extremes are going
with Raet. Okay, this is something to watch, right?
We will see this tomorrow because we are
with Loli, I mean, but this is a
document that is not private. This in the
United States, all the chips
police when they stop you and such
they put it, they put it, it's public, you can
see on the internet. I mean, eh Andy
Reveals, who is out there in the chat,
Andy, come forward, he doesn't have access to the
police or private documents. I mean,
It is a document that is public,
anyone can go look for it in
Internet. Well, instead of
you may find it wrong that Ret is being detained,
because he is currently on bail,
right now Retvo pay
$,500 to be released under
bail. He is out on bail
because he started threatening a guy with
so he didn't come home, okay? Neither he
not even their mother, who was going to peel them, okay?
Eh, but Detro doesn't mind that
that this guy goes threatening your mother
and and and and to you, no, by taking away your
life, but not what they are publishing
the document, come on, they are violating the
privacy of the offender. I mean, like that
They look absurd, man. I mean, like that
absurd they look and that's it and there is no more. EITHER
instead of taking it and saying, "Holy crap,
[ __ ], Rael, what you did." No, no,
no no. Damn, they're publishing
my RA document. I think if one
weighed each Spaniard.
Andy, put the website up.
A kiss, Solange. Look, I'll give you the website.
that filters it. Yes, yes, if that is in the States
United is
So. In the United States it works like this.
Those papers and all the summonses of
This guy and the witnesses and others are
They are over the top with everything. And this guy
They're going to lock him up again with what he has
made here on the internet.
I and another person are going to report it.
Because you have two. In this you name me,
in the other one too. And you can't
live, brat. Well,
women woman, but you are a [ __ ].
Your head hasn't reached the
age. [ __ ]. [ __ ] is on him
telling Loli, Pepa,
"Make yourself
Please, do yourself a favor." And then
to know that they have such a long tongue
for so long and what are you talking about?
God and his mother and and and and and everything
whatever comes your way, make yourself a
favor yourself and
forget me. I have you
forgotten,
Hey? My goodness.
I think if one. What's up, Maric Carmen?
But not to me, to where they have to give.
Let's go for the goal.
Well yes, well yes. I don't know if we're going to
arrive.
I wonder if each Spaniard had a peso.
Damn, it would be a shame if it wasn't
we arrived. We arrived 30, huh? have,
but hey, it's not bad, is it? The causes
that these people defend seem taken
case closed. Woman with her hand on her
forehead, face twisting with laughter
they. That's why I have said many times
the day that Dallas and I give up
make a video for José
Breton. The day that gives us Dallas and
me for making a video Jose, man,
They defended Daniel Sancho. Remember
about that. Do you remember? You? Damn, what is it?
literal. They take it and their mission is
any bad guy who is in appears
against
ours and they look for him, they follow him and they
whiten. That's what it does. But be it
Look, Juanjo, how long it took
immediately Raet, with which he wept,
Hey? Because they recorded the neighborhood and
because and because they put a picture of their
woman and mine, a photo of me with my
woman and a photo of him with his wife and
They said that we were more
handsome.
Oh, it's brutal, it is
brutal, it is brutal.
And I said no.
neither speak nor comment on anything about this
lady, until this lady and they are
there the live shows, eh, started to hit
shots, to shoot little shots and to top it all off
it opened eh it opened directly after
straight.
Where does that come from? What is the girlfriend of
Pablo? Face twisting with laughter.
Ah, well the bad guys took it out.
these, right? The canine and so on, right?
A
moment. To hit shots, to hit shots.
And Pacormo opened up and opened directly
after directly shooting and lying and
humiliating me in the way they had
made the others. Well look, I think that
she was indiscreet, she was not going the wrong way.
Take it. I haven't told you, but I told you.
I've said everything, right? Well, it's the same thing.
What have you said about the
others. I haven't said anything and I've said it
all. And I think that indiscreet territory is not going to work.
misguided. And that is to say, indiscreet
You don't know many things, do you? And that's it
indiscreet still has to be done
know. If the discreet terind reaches it
to know everything, my mother.
If not, if they couldn't, eh, if you want, if
You want a topic, you could answer T
indiscreet, you could show him
answer that humiliation that you do
did
Teriscreta, eh, no way, she really is.
sivirina and has one thing that is a
bitum, brightens your life. Be in the
situation that is, is bad, with the
tension or not, starts crying, sees a
bitun and the or a super chat or members and
it brightens your life.
Use if the other has made a box,
she the box, uses everything. It stands to reason
to be used. They are there, they are there
members. That's what YouTube puts on it. When it
It says YouTube because it's legal.
YouTube pays you through the bank, right? That
goes directly to an account where
Where have I gone silent? Here where
That goes straight to a No, that goes
directly to an account where Where
am I mute? This is where it is when
It says YouTube because it's legal.
YouTube pays you through the bank, right? That
goes directly to an account where
Where am I left mute? Here's where that goes
directly to a
bank. I don't understand this clip.
This afternoon the troll hit him hard.
to those of Troy with two eggs. Let's see,
we are going to
see it. That
put? Well, this one. Here it is. Look, look,
look. Here it is. Here it is. Here it is.
Here it is, here it is, here it is
it is, here it is, here
this. Hey, are you talking about my friend?
But no, for now you're not going to say anything.
until you open your live. No, no.
I'm not going to say anything. Yesterday he called you until
starved to death. I'm starving.
Yes, wait for it, muel. But listen to me that
we want the live show. How have we talked?
that we were going to do it? Hey? Well, no.
Well then I'm leaving. No, but I do.
where they have to give.
A kiss to me in carni. What's happening,
daughter? I wonder if a peseta were given to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. I would love to know how this
guy walked into that face with a raised eyebrow.
But I don't understand how being
In the United States you start doing the
things you do,
Hey? I don't understand. And already having the
brown that it has.
He's a piece of [ __ ] and a [ __ ].
Ah, okay, okay, okay, okay. This, this
it's after. Damn, that's how he got
boss.
Sure, you can get ahead a little, but no
you get like that. No, no, I'm not going to
to advance that they don't see you, that they are
seeing
the noble height. I have
what to wait to talk to him
this is undesirable. I'm just going to
send a
little message. Your frustration, what is it,
kid?
that have been born calling you
Antonio Robles and maybe you would have
I preferred to call you Antonia Robles.
That's your frustration, man. Man, the
The hatred they have for women has
always noticed.
It's not my fault. I think if one
peseta would give to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet.
A kiss, my love, but why not?
speak? Wow, we're at 33.
family. We're 15 super chat away, man,
upon reaching 50,
Hey? In this life each of us is born as
We are born and each one then becomes like
he feels like it.
But if that is your frustration, what
you wished you had been Antonia Robles instead
Antonio Robles, it's not my fault
I. Hey, when
you want, where, when and now.
If you have
balls, you agree with me on one point
intermediate, for that you have to
have balls that don't
have. AND
then facing
face you insinuate that my wife is a
[ __ ], what if my wife bought him
what I want because it is
deserves. But it is not only that it is
buy, is that in a marriage the
things are for two. That I have said that
has bought, does not mean that she
is not contributing anything.
[ __ ], you're a [ __ ] [ __ ]
[ __ ]. Let's see if you find out one.
[ __ ] time. You're [ __ ], you're a gift
nobody. And see if you are [ __ ] that you
challenge. Where, when and now? And face to face
You tell me to my face everything that my wife is,
But I'm telling you that for that you have to
have balls that you don't have. The goes
to have. You have the balls for
the camera. And you and and and
and because the note was made to debate
a poop that I don't see. Do you remember? EITHER
sea, nor by the camera either. Depends
with who. by the camera without anyone
pleases him.
Grandpa, we have to form a huddle to
all this sauce, there's a lot of grilling.
A kiss, Javi, a very nice kiss, Tamara. It
We were going to plan for today, but today
I couldn't do it at 9 and on Thursday I could,
Hey? But on Thursday I have the thing with the
TV. I have to record something.
I don't know what time I'll be back. Yes it is
It's true that it's in the afternoon, but I don't think so.
come back tonight. I don't know
what time will I return. Well, I could, I could.
Maybe we'll do it on Thursday, huh?
Because I have that at 3 or 4 o'clock.
the afternoon. It is recorded at 3 or 4 in the
late. He's going to be the victim, man,
Lone. But you are missing him
respect for women, for their women, level
putting a sow, putting a
prostitute in one in one
railing. Man, I'm against it.
of violence, of course, always,
but there comes a time when
He's involved with your wife, man, we saw
here that put a fat girl in one in one
bar, do you
do you remember? Antonio
Oaks. But well, in Carnií, but
Well, what's going on in Carni? Are you giving
There are some gifts and you don't talk? A kiss.
Look, Aini, it's your turn. You're worth it,
Aini, that it had to happen to you
at this point, huh? In 2025, huh?
Antonio Robles, even if you had
wanted to call the best in another way
or be born in another way, you do not have
balls. You use your balls here.
in front of a camera. But I challenge you
so you can tell me where, when and
Now and face to face you are going to tell me everything
what you tell me about my wife or what
you're saying about my wife, but
staff. yours to
alone comes and tells me
says. When you say that I to a
person I have called daughter of
[ __ ], first it's because they've been looking for me,
if not I don't do it. You have done it for him.
desired a woman who had to
burst your mouth until you spit out blood.
That also applies to those who are
women, I don't know how they follow him
women. And these are the healthy ones, right? AND
the Juanjo who collaborates with him. Oh. He
Juanjo who was very offended because
I was convicted of
insult. And now Juanjo takes his
channel to that
uncle. But why do you hang out with him?
Won? Well, because you agree with
the things you say, right? Because if not
you don't hang out with a person who isn't
like you. I mean, Solangel, many
thank you. Solange is there letting out super
chat. She wants to do the challenge on her own.
Juan Manuel, thank you very much.
SP, a kiss, man. A kiss. Holy [ __ ], come on!
to do the challenge, huh? The objective is
We're going to eat today, okay?
We're going to eat the target today. Other
we eat the target almost every time
days, huh,
family? The best community,
Hey, mother of God.
Mother of God. You can also do it for me.
say face to face, that I will give you the
man's answer to what you
you want
be. Talking like that about a woman, talking
of another woman like Chorcotilla, that
you are happy about what others have
announced, what has happened to his
daughter. You're a piece of [ __ ].
That's true, man. It's true. Well, of course,
That's why Juajo is clear, how could it not be
join Juajo with him if that's the same thing?
The al of Troy began to say the
sorcotilla the same as
guajo. How strong, huh?
How strong. A weight would give each
Spanish, but not to me. What kind of
people are they?
What kind of people are they?
Hey, I'm 25 years younger than these people.
I don't understand anything. A peta would give to each
Spanish, but not to me. Where do they have
that the boss wants to give him a beating
the loser, right? Because they will never go away
see. So, the loser isn't going to go. He
only loser is with women and
through the screen that does not you
answer, eh? Why face a
they don't debate it for you. You already have it
seen many times. They have to have justice
for Javi. Rael's situation is not normal. Well
Yes, CSP, we're going to report it, right? You
I'll keep you posted on how the hell it's done.
Tonight I'm going to get on with it
instructions that have been given to me, which
I have to send and then it will cost me
I'll let you know something or whatever.
This man believes he is in a
tavern brawl. Can you imagine
Lorena coming out like this to defend Javi?
No, but let's see, eh, there comes a time,
Of course not, Chari, a kiss.
But not me, of course not. But
Man, if I were getting into it
messed up with my wife already in the way that
He is doing it, so maybe not
I'm not going to wait to report it or anything.
I would probably report it, eh,
I would probably report it, but I don't know.
Come on, there's not much left for the challenge.
Well, there's nothing left, we've already done 40. It's
awesome,
Hey? But it shows all the lines
of, that is, you can make bad to
consolation, criticize her. Oh, what a hypocrite.
The giggles, the this, the that, no, but
I'm a [ __ ]. It's that the head on the knee
has crossed all the girls with consolation.
Of course, of course. They are the people already
filthy [ __ ] put to put a fat girl in
thong turning on a bar.
Man, you're disrespecting me.
woman now,
No? To a certain extent, right? You say,
well, we are youtubers, we study
Here, things, right? But man, already
There comes a time when No, no.
You're a coward and I'm telling you that. Are
a son of
[ __ ]. You are an unscrupulous son of a [ __ ]
and without
eggs. You're a piece of [ __ ]. You're [ __ ]
egg-free. That's clear, huh? I mean,
I don't know what I would do, huh? I don't know what
would do. I probably would have
denounced. I probably would have
reported some time ago. That is, the
things he has said to Consuelo, I
I would have reported them a long time ago
time, you know? It is that 100% condemn it,
Hey? But 100%.
You are a son of the great
[ __ ] and you are a [ __ ] to each
Spanish, but not me, where they have
meet. Hi family, good job, Javi.
A kiss on the flesh. Thank you so much. Me
They're taking down the video today, huh? I don't care
They should take down the video, I don't care if they don't
monetize the video, I don't care
[ __ ] video. I don't give a [ __ ] about him
video, but this is a
[ __ ]. That's what a
[ __ ]. And I'll tell you more.
Know
people from many different walks of life
sexual, which I admire and respect
so that later you don't take advantage of it and cut it off
Click where you want and say,
"Look, this one, the homophobe." Don't have
people with But if he has good
estimates the Rae that it has been three days
telling me
[ __ ]. If one weighs Joe, what happens,
uncle? But not to me, where they have to go
give. Don't [ __ ] with me. I'm late. I'm going to
beginning of the live stream to watch it. You, a
kiss. Thank you so much. You're leaving, man. As
What's the vibe like, Joe? Many
thanks, man. But those pieces of super
chat you don't need to do them, man.
If you make one for a euro, 2
euros each, we'll kill ourselves.
But you meet the challenge every day
days, [ __ ]. Where do they have to go?
I hope the troll doesn't criticize the boss. TO
He thinks what Red tells you is great and
He laughed a lot at the words you said
They said connection to you and Lorena.
Exactly, exactly. They are people,
They are rabble, they are mobs. Are
chummas. What is incredible is the people
who begins to follow them and join them and
support them.
Eh, many differences of
homosexuality and
respect and I would kiss their feet
because they are people to be respected. But
You know what happens, that you are not one
person, you are the typical [ __ ] of
[ __ ] that you are not worth
nothing. Have you
understood? Have you heard yet, Antonio?
Robles, you are a piece of [ __ ], a
shitty person and you don't have the
holy balls to tell me when, where
and now.
That's how I felt a few years ago when
When they messed with Lorena, did you
do you remember? When they threatened us with the
conversations those that in the end
they took out. Hey, people still celebrate.
that I was convicted of
insult. You remember that, right? TO
See, I think the boss has gone up
a little more the tone that
me, but here the truth is that I am
that eh I am never in favor of putting you in
this position. Obviously to Bogo for
be more civilized and apart from that I believe
with this, the Trojan horse is [ __ ].
Now let's see the face he made.
the one from Troy, which they are sending me now
over there. With this, Troy shits itself,
but with a complaint you also [ __ ].
What the hell. It shits like you know what
I tell you then that we have
been watching here what the tor been
saying, I comfort her, uncle. That is, it is
that the sow, the croquette, the fat one, the
Man, man, man. Jo, one day and
another day and another day. This is not it
today, huh? Thank you, Solaje. 45, we already
five missing. We have already met the challenge.
We have already achieved the objective. Hey, you
You got angry too, Javi. Yes, but
they still criticized me. Oh no. and
They celebrate that I have been convicted, that
I remain condemned in the flesh. No,
no, no, no, no, no, no. Calm down,
calm down a bit, girls. Mother
mine. A kiss on the flesh. Thank you so much.
Thanks a lot.
My goodness, but we have reached the
aim. If we have reached the goal,
no need
so much. Javi, if they condemn them, no
It would not be for insulting, but for very things
condemnable. Yes, well, I understand that
This is a threat. Of course, I understand that
This is a
threat. Sure, I understand that they could.
condemn the boss. Clear. Yes, yes. But
Well, you guys will condemn him.
To the boss, would you celebrate the sentence? Ha ha,
condemned. No, this would be a condemnation.
I would say, well, well damned. TO
I condemn myself by clapping, hands
clapping, hands clapping, hands
applauding.
It's just that it's very funny to me that three
three things. When? Where and cry?
To say everything you say about my wife
and what you have done to other women
desired.
Where do they have me for my wife?
further.
It's that it's many months, I mean, it's not
This isn't just a sudden thing today, huh? EITHER
well, this wasn't today that this guy
has put it like this because this is not already
Many of us have seen it here and I don't see it
everything, huh? I don't see everything, everything, everything,
everything, 100% of the things that are said,
I don't see them, but when we have seen
things from Troy to Consuelo, the
We have talked about it here many times
times, eh, we have said,
"Listen to me, I'll tell you one thing
thing, if I were No, Sergio, but I would
I would like to do it." Sergio says,
"Javi, you've become a beast
mine." I haven't done it, but I
I would like to do it. What happens is that no
I know how much it's worth and right now I'm not in
a moment to get into that.
I have other expenses. I think if a weight
would give. Well, that's it. Well, now
We've reached the challenge, haven't we, family?
Oh my god, you guys are amazing, man. Many
Thank you all, really. Many
thank you. Thanks a lot. Hey, me, for
example, it is not because it is not because it is not because
belittle my wife or anything, no,
But here I would have controlled myself, or
well, maybe in 2019, then
I better not control myself and that's why I
They sued, didn't they?
Um, but maybe if I had
controlled would have reported to the
Troy because those of Troy condemn him
100% condemn him for the things he has done to him
said to Consuelo. You ruin it, huh?
Besides, you ruin that guy.
Um,
But nevertheless, they do to me what they
They have been doing to Sorcotilla the
another day and I don't report. They have to
one. Challenge achieved. You are the
better. Hey, a round of applause for the whole chat,
No? That is, challenge achieved, but apart from that
with with a with some super chat, because
Today I have not put in eh neither 5 € nor 10 nor
nothing. Today I put whatever, the one that
wants to give 50 cents, whoever wants to give
1 € and you have given some super chats of the
[ __ ] host. You are the best, you are a
barbarity. No, I don't deserve you, I don't deserve you.
I deserve, really, what you were going to get
saying. I might not in this case.
I would have gotten like that. I understand that it is
put it like that, but I don't think I would have
put like that. They have done it, they have gotten in
with my wife, they have disrespected them
a lot of youtubers. Okay, well then.
I have understood them, I have put them,
I have left them badly, I have stained their
image forever. I think if one
peseta or in any case maybe
complaints, but it is not valid where you have
but I already have more, look damn, I have
removed the word lailos. I have
more baggage now. I already have one here.
self-control that I don't even believe in myself
many times. Now, to me the Ar of
Troy, I am the son of Sorcotilla, the
Sorcotilla's son or brother or the
brother-in-law or something, and I see the one from Troy
say the things he said to Sorcotilla
the other day and I automatically, is that
I don't warn you, I automatically take the
car on the road, I'm finding out
where where do I find it and where
The trick doesn't come out, that guy doesn't come out anywhere
the cracked one does not rise again. No, I don't know.
put more with more nobody in
YouTube because we are already talking there
We are talking about very strong things
of children, you know? Children hurt more
than anything, children hurt more
that the couple, that is
So.
So, eh, if I don't Sorcotilla
I think he has a son or I think he has
a brother too. I mean, if I were
Sorcotilla's son or brother or the
husband or I see myself as the Trojan as it
we saw the other day and I didn't notice,
but I am saying it very sincerely.
Come on,
very sincerely, but I think it is that
I think it has to be that way. What for?
Are you going to file a complaint in that case? EITHER
So, you go and and and you give him the tiger. You
you give the tiger's. I mean, that's already them.
things that I don't, I mean, I know, for example,
what I do and I know that they are going to be
They're going to mess with me, they're going to tell me about
all. They have called me a pedophile,
abuser, they've told me everything,
abuser, Electrayer told me. Okay,
It's not that I assume it, but I have
patience and I'll go m But of course, since
one of my children takes his own life and
there is a son of a [ __ ]
scoundrel like that disgusting
[ __ ]
saying that that is what that is
deserves and what the one from Vamos said,
come on, come on, come on, come on, come on,
Come on, come on, I won't be long, it's
Almería, which is 5 hours by car.
I'm going with a, come on, having a coffee
in a pl I'm there, come on, do you
you understand? So there I am here.
I would have controlled, eh, if I were the boss.
I understand, eh, I understand
perfectly because this is not
But I wouldn't have done this, right? No
I would have done this. Because you are a
[ __ ] scoundrel, because you are a [ __ ]
[ __ ] and because you don't have the balls to
nothing. You have the balls and you get brave
behind a camera, but
You face to face you are [ __ ]. Tea
is it clear? Of course it is. Tea
is it clear?
You're a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ].
Okay, huh.
Hey, now everyone here
watching the channel, you run and you know it
you broadcast on WhatsApp before
to prepare for today's live broadcast,
Hey? Now you are going to transmit it to him. The thing is
But cut the entire clips
because I do have my live show
understand everything I'm saying and
why I'm saying this. Sorcotilla.
Thank you very much, boss. Don't fall for it
level.
No, I'm not falling at their level. To your
level, sorry to say, at their level
I will fall for the people who follow him,
that have to be with less lights than
the ones he has. People who have a
a little dignity, a little shame and
a little consideration, you are seeing
everything this man does to you.
Because for just one photo that was published,
that I didn't publish it myself, that I wasn't
responsible, that I asked to remove the
photo, I even apologized and you have
taking advantage of a crappy photo. The
photo, what is it about the
shovel? The photo that
is the photo? What is it about the
shovel? No, I know, Ale. It is day after day
day. It is day after day those of Troy in the
same tone. That is to say, it is not to say,
Well, one day it got hot or something.
neither, right? But hey, you know, this isn't
It is something that has been the first of
change, this has already been a
barbarity. This has already been a
barbarity. He is a person who does not
man. What's in the photo? I don't know what
What is the thing about the photo, because the ones
Troy complains a lot about the issue of
that photo of you there of the
shovel. But it's like but if that photo
he's on Facebook, [ __ ]. That photo
I'm putting it here right now. If it gives me
wins it. Come on. I think if a peta gave
every Spaniard. Man, Andrea, what are you doing?
here? A kiss. Thanks, Javi, for
defend myself from Antonia on live.
Andrea, well, just look at you, like the
I already know and I know how they manipulate and I know the
lies and things, well, I
I imagined when I saw, of course, when I saw him
say when I saw what you were
answering Esteban Navarro, say that it is
He is making up that this girl has gone to
her TL and she took your tweet as an excuse
to say, "Look, the pambisitos
defend rapists."
Javi, the tro tells me what he said to him
to Soria to my son. Neither son, nor
brother, or anything. I stand my ground. Well,
Of course, no no, I'm telling you that I
If they are saying one thing about my son
like what the guy said
Troy, if that is the case, no one insults you anymore.
Internet. No one else on the internet
They insult, but I see it
so to put together everything you're putting together
always saying that about the [ __ ] photo.
You're a piece of [ __ ], a [ __ ], and a son of a [ __ ].
of a [ __ ]. Yeah, yeah. You're a son of a [ __ ].
Already,
but I have the balls to stay
with you. Already. When? Where and now?
Three things. Three points. When? Where
hour? to come face to face. Look, the
India tells you that she plays Madrid at
9, that it relaxes you, but as long as
you have balls that you don't have. You them
balls you use them in one. Look at the
little face he put on me, for
seen. Look at the face he made.
Look, he's a piece of [ __ ] and a [ __ ] and a
son of a [ __ ]. Yeah, you're a son of a [ __ ].
Already,
but I have the balls to stay
with you. Already. When? Where and now?
Three things, three points. When? Where
and now to meet face to face? Look,
The Indian tells you that he plays for Madrid
9, which relaxes you, but as long as
you have balls that you don't have. You them
balls he uses them in a camera to
say the things you say about
women. It's that it's that it's that it's that
already
Let's see, let's see, but this is what I want, this is what I want.
been like that. It has been like this.
Here's the crying woman. Nothing. There it is
defending
Rae. Look, look. There he is defending
Rae and that's what I know That's what I'm for
the rat serves. Person who person who
come out that it goes eh that is contrary to me,
Well, he has to support him. Me tomorrow
I make a video here criticizing José
Breton and he is going to take it and the
goes and defends him. Here it is, look,
here
this. No, no, yes, yes, he has rationed it,
Hey? Look,
look and see. There it is without a camera. Wanna
see it with a camera.
You're a coward and I'm telling you that. Are
a son of
[ __ ]. You are an unscrupulous son of a [ __ ]
and without
eggs. You're a piece of [ __ ].
You are a son of the great
[ __ ] and you are They're taking down my video today, huh?
Oh, how funny, isn't it? What a laugh. I'm leaving
to close the video today, huh?
I don't care if they take down the video, I don't care
just as they don't monetize the video, I
no matter what the video [ __ ] is. I sweat
the balls the video, but this is a
[ __ ], that's what a I'll tell you again is.
say, if you can't stand criticism, close
you the channel and leave.
I told that to Juanjo, eh, to the one from
Troy, to your new master. Okay, that's it.
I told Juanjo that if he couldn't stand it
the criticism, that if I was not prepared
to dedicate himself to this, that he would become
to the supermarket, that's what
that's what we have to put up with here,
the criticism, right? So, of course,
According to Juanjo, I threatened him with that.
send it to the supermarket. That was the
manipulation of your friend,
Juano, your master's. I don't remember that
no one has called his wife with the
four letters.
What the [ __ ], coward. Of course you have.
made. So you're going to play Joan's.
Flat. I haven't told him with the four
letters, I told you with six
letters. That's the one you're going to play. But
say the things you have said, stand by them.
Then don't arrive there like a hustler.
And that no one has been happy that
Zorcotilla dies at his
daughter. Oh, look. What?
What Teresa? I asked you not to react.
my clips, but I did send you my
reactions so that the
I saw. What Teresa doesn't know is that she doesn't
It was necessary for you to warn yourself of everything
that. It's that I already ignored you at that time.
moment because the last thing left is the
people like you are a reason for response or
reason for victimhood. Because that's what I am
specialist. That's why they are the only ones who
you have the balls to collect 400, 500, the
the rest are 50.
It is very unfair that you insult the
people, aunt, you don't like the channel,
So you're leaving. I haven't seen you yet.
transform into a roadside [ __ ],
Hey? Lady supported by your husband who
tea
I have seen you transform into a
road [ __ ], huh?
No, the same as Joan Plana. The Joan
Plana later denied it.
The rest are 50.
It is very unfair that you insult the
people. Ta, you don't like the channel?
So you're leaving. I haven't seen you yet.
transform into a roadside [ __ ],
Hey? Lady supported by your husband who
has bought you the beach house.
I haven't seen you yet. None
road [ __ ] montage.
None. Hello. What happened between Juanjo and you?
you have nothing to do with these. Man,
Macare, for God's sake. No, so far
Juanjo and I are having a peck, a
game. Oh, look at your audience, the other one
audience, your eyes, my eyes, my baldness,
my mustache. But no, it's not this, this,
these are other levels. But let's go that
Juanjo supports this. Of course, Juanjo supports
this and his channel runs it and he collaborates with it and
It gives him fame and all that. The
Nay, did someone make that montage for you?
I think if I had done it to you
the three of them would be within my rights,
but to date this sick one has not
made. Don't look for wars and more
knowing me as you knew me. I to
not you, but you do to me. But it is
It's true that the boss stood up for you
a channel where you started to moderate and
also got messed up.
In a channel that was moderated and
He also got into trouble and the boss showed his face for it
she. What channel would that be? With Miguel
Pastrana, I won't even tell you about the obsession that
you had. With Miguel Pestrana was
obsessed. Please, he fell in love and
all of
what the [ __ ], you're going to get it, huh?
Loser, you're going to get caught, huh? Now you
you scare me.
I don't remember. He's putting on faces
that he posted when I appeared in his chat.
Do you remember when I appeared in his
chat? And to tell him to come to a
debate
[ __ ].
Estela, how is your Estela, how is your
Twitter? That you were the one who had the
clip of him saying that to Sorcotilla.
What is your Twitter like?
Wake? Say more.
Know
people from many different walks of life
sexual to the
who knows people from many fields
sexual. No, no, this is allowed.
Apparently it's the fashion now. I admire and
respect so that you don't take advantage of it later
and cut the click where you want and not
I'm not cutting the clip. These are 7
minutes, almost 8 minutes
almost
complete with chat
including. Look at this homophobe. No
I have people with many differences of
homosexuality. Forgive me for laughing,
but it's just that it makes me laugh a lot.
and the
respect and I would kiss their feet
because they are people to be respected. But
You know what happens, that you are not one
person, you are the typical [ __ ] of
[ __ ] you're worthless.
Excellent. Check this out, man. It is a
capture the live stream at the same time as the other
day. Look, when the interview of
Amador 1800 users,
1500 at a time an hour, huh?
But how good that all of you who are here
being a pain in the ass and making people happy, I think
You have family, right? I think you have
family. When it's your turn.
[Music]
Hey, this was for the rewind. Look what
she answered there.
Oh, what a great pain I have in the
chest, my God. I don't feel like it either
sing, nor dance, nor do I want to eat.
What a shame, shame, shame, shame, shame. TO
[ __ ] the music. [ __ ] it
music. There it is. Shame, shame what
I have in my body. Shame, so much shame
I have. A lot, a lot, a lot. That I
call moderator wherever you want
well, I need to occupy my time
free.
You are very shameless, madam. Very
scoundrel. Very low. Lower than the
step on a
[Music]
marrano. My daughter wanted to die. Well, to the
better if you had taken care of yourself a little
more about your daughter and be more aware of her
Your daughter, maybe she wouldn't have taken it
that decision. Have you considered it or is it
the guilty conscience you have?
Scoundrel. That may be the charge of
awareness that
you have, that maybe if you had
worried a little more it wouldn't have happened
certain things, but it's too much
late. Maybe that's what it is
John referred to the
message. You have to be very shameless.
to live for you and throw it in your face
other.
If it is true that this happened, that
He let his mother drown because he didn't
was, was her husband and has another
son. As far as I know, her husband was in
Rest in peace and was and has another son.
Juanjo is not alone.
What a bunch of people, man.
How filthy this is. What is it? Two shits
routes of the same goat.
Hello, Maria Rey. Good evening. AND
Isabel,
Let's see, maybe I forgot something, huh,
because what a scoundrel. Hey, and the
Look, I'm going to give you both some advice.
Do you want to succeed in life? If you want
succeed in life, nothing
better than this,
Hey? What do you think? You can win the la
life doing striptease. Look, look,
look, look, look. You are going to do the
top, the spinning top,
I'm not putting it you're grabbing like
a tick
in holding on like ticks you have
experience already. But he is putting a
fat woman giving
roundabout way back or for another reason because
are
round ones. If the form says so.
A ball with a glob. Hello, Elton.
Look, look, look, look, look at her, look
her, look at her. The first steps
stripper bar. The first ones
little pines the
barúo, one above, the other below, the
another one below and the other one above and there is
mat for the two of you to roll on.
Wow, pure wonder. Pure wonder.
Look at the other one behind her peeing. AND
then you have to be very careful with
shove things up your ass, Juan José.
stick things up your ass. The ass is
for things to work out, not for
things come in. Because I have
consulted a doctor about those things and
the doctor told me this. Look, hello,
I am Juan Manuel Troncoso. Do you like it
put things in your anus without you knowing
have you recommended the doctor?
No, but some people do like it. No it
you do. You can end up with a
perforation of the rectum or colon or a
tear
anal, if I put the meatball in there
I can have an anal tear and a
retention of the object. That is to say, that
I have to lay an egg later like the
hen for
expel him. You're scaring me.
Hello, I'm Juan Manuel Troncoso. Tea
like to put in? Well, the last name already
aid.
Uh, anal introduction and the guy's name is
Juan Manuel Troncoso.
Troncoso. Things in the anus without you knowing
has been recommended by the doctor. Don't do it.
You can end up with a piercing of
rectum or colon or anal tear
I will listen to him.
Hey, gossip.
Oh my God. But it has not
used the word [ __ ]. No, it hasn't.
used the four
letters. Women, what you have wished for him.
And now I ask people, what
have I told that lady? Nothing. That
Have I desired that other lady?
Nothing, nothing. What the [ __ ] does this man see? EITHER
What the hell is this guy telling you? Nothing.
Hey, I'm reporting the live broadcast. No, for
what, so that they can take it away. Leave it there
let people see who he is. What are you?
a [ __ ] scoundrel, because you are a
[ __ ] [ __ ] and because you don't have balls
not at all. You balls and you
you get emboldened behind a camera, but
You face to face you are [ __ ]. Tea
is it clear? Is that clear to you?
Alne, what time is it? Do you want?
that I feel the same way about you or what
happens? Do you want me to tell you?
the same thing the boss told you? That
What did the boss tell this jerk?
You're a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ].
Okay. Hey,
Hey, now everyone here
watching the channel you run and you know it
you broadcast on WhatsApp before
to prepare for today's live broadcast,
Hey? Now you go and transmit it to him. Is
which is But cut the whole clips,
because I do have my live show
understand everything I'm saying and
why I'm saying this. Sorcotilla,
thanks a lot.
I don't know, N. I don't know if we live
in a parallel world in N, that is, look
you, N eh Alne N, that is, one appears that
She was a follower of ours in the years of the
pear, Nike, which was from You know, and
It was with Joan Plana, he became super
obsessed with Joan Plana and is one of the
Plana puppets. And where are you,
where
falls with the ar of Troy.
Some things happen here, others happen, I don't know,
But boss, don't fall to their level. You
you know no. I'm not at your level.
falling. At your level, sorry I gave you
To fall to my level you would have to climb
a lot.
You have to go up. Mm to your
level I will fall for the people who follow him
He, who has to be less enlightened
of the ones he has. People who have
a little dignity, a little
shame and a little consideration,
is seeing everything this man does
with you. Because for a single photo that is
published, that I did not even publish it, that
I was not responsible.
Thanks, Vega.
You have to be able to speak because
You have joined the big team that
you think that you can't be done, you can't be done
respond or as a youtuber I don't know
can criticize for the movements that
you do and from what is seen of you.
To date I have been quite a bit more
respectful than you than you. Ah, what have you?
has been much more respectful and
of the big [ __ ], man. What liars
are, man. I mean, they do things.
and then they are put, but they are all
equal, huh? Then they get scared and don't
They stand by what they have said. [ __ ],
say it. Damn, say it. What are we seeing?
Here, you have said the days
previous ones and that you have been stuck all the
week saying things like that so I
are saying.
Say it. No, no, then they deny it, but
they do the same thing. Hey, Joan Planas, hey, yeah
He started saying a lot of insults to me, a
a lot of insults, I read them somewhere,
No? The sentence itself tells you one thing
a collection of his insults.
And after saying all that the guy goes and
He makes me cry in court.
Oh, they scared me at night.
the videos and starts to cry. Me
the videos were scary. Oh, oh. And all
what you said, what? Hey, they're the same.
everyone, man. They are all the same.
In none of those moments and much more
than what has been today. Excellent,
then he dies of shame that
He begins to deny that he cried at the trial.
At the trial he cried. He cried, we saw him here
in a live show.
So, I usually recommend one thing to you,
When they tell you something, go and see it,
Because I see, it happens to you a bit like the
Gindy. Mm. The G who speaks without seeing and and and
he says without having heard anything. Well, look.
where Gindy has put tonight
Here the clias [ __ ] of Troy and where the
you insult and humiliate her.
It sounds familiar, according to what they tell you, that's how you go
responding and threatening and all that
things. Then you look at it with
stay calm because you're going to need it
everything that is always putting together
saying that about the [ __ ] photo. You are a
[ __ ] and a [ __ ] and a son of a [ __ ].
Yeah, you're a son of a [ __ ]. Already,
but I have the balls to stay
with you. Already? When? Where now?
Three things. Three points, when? Where
and now to meet face to face? Look,
The Indian tells you that he plays for Madrid
9, which relaxes you, but as long as
you have balls that you don't have. You them
balls you use them in a camera for
say the things you say about
women. It's that it ...
Plana was putting Yes, yes, he cried in the
judgment. He cried saying, "I see your videos."
And it's like, And now then Tania
denying it. Tania as if she had
she was at the trial. The Tania
denying it. That, why am I going to
invent such a thing? I mean, what?
nonsense, isn't it? What do I care? No no,
but what you don't, of course, I don't
I'm glad I made no one cry,
obviously, but man, a person
who has started telling me all these
insults and all these insinuations,
that if abuser, that if such and such, that
still does them today, now
then you're going to start crying in my ear
trial because you have been insulted. Oh,
You know? Come on, it's time to make fun of
the death of a girl stops
mistreating his mother.
Can someone tell me how much I have
I mocked the death of a girl
mistreat his mother? We just finished it
see, man. I mean, we just finished it.
see. There are people there giving money to the
of a troll, huh? I'm seeing people there
giving him money, giving him like. This
direct has 374 likes the one who
you are watching. Hey,
There are people who support the Trojans, man.
That's it. There are people like that. But not to
me, where they have to give.
He's turning red like a
tomato. Robles, that's how you would like it
to have been born.
No, I mean, you can go to your channel and
talk about me as you please.
You can go to the group and give your opinion about me.
what comes out of your ass and I can't
to give an opinion based on what you do and
you say.
Man, I think that here in the group
Nowhere has it been said to you
the things you say are trollish.
No, you can't tell people like that.
Here in the group you have not been told
that you are not a m nor a lot of things,
No?
[Music]
Um, let's put on Antonia Aví or
we're leaving
already. It's that Antonia's thing would have to
look for it. The thing about the freaks. It has not been
the freaks.
Find out what minute it is. Continue eh
those those people
eh, in the end
He adopted this way of slandering the
people from the factory
TV and Mediaset. There are people who adopted
those forms and continue to do so and
Alright. It's that you find out at what minute
it has been, hasn't it? Yes, I'm going to the
salseria now because Antonio's thing
Viid I will have to look for a minute and then
see you tomorrow.
They've talked about Juanjo, haven't they? And and it is
They have laughed at him and so on, but of course,
you'll have to look for it. It's a real pain that
I'm freaking out, but in what minute
what minute is it? Maria del Mar, the
you know more or less. If you know it, you
we see. If not, we
come on. I'm already listening to Leo
waking up, man. A thousand wakes up
times.
The poor Lore is going to stay
carve.
No, but Pilly was today. No it
He could have put FJ yesterday because it was today
so
seen. This
Iodine,
Packing starting, he says
Carmen. Getting started. Let's see, let's see if
let's see if we can do it. Come on,
goes. Even though it is a night where
there is football where there isn't. Good night,
dear. All.
Hey, by the way, I have to tell you something.
thing to Lovly. Lovly, how are you,
dear? Good evening. Welcome to
your channel. Hello good evening. Hello good
Good night everyone. Good night to that one
chat, to the moderators, to all the
people who follow us, because all the
nights that we do live, well like that
now at the moment, well deferred to the
next day, two days later, at
three. Greetings to all and thank you very much
for all the support you give to
channel and for leaving your like so that we can
let's position ourselves. Anyway, thank you very much.
To everyone, always very grateful
and that I am not an absolute leader
nothing. I've told you 1 times. Not me
I like that you tell me. No,
but hey, you already know. Yes, we are one
further. We are more. We are leaders in
modesty.
I don't like to go through life without anything.
more than what I am. A simple one, then
one more twitterer who has had you
opportunity to go up here to the canal and
express what I think in many ways
things and well, I agree with a lot of them
people, I won't agree with others, but with
some yes to people and know that
What accounts come from this person, from the
another, of the other, of the other and I think so
which has more value, huh? It's almost over
further. Hey, Lle, I don't know what the story is about,
but you already know that here you can
speak what one what one
want and I believe that with my
explanations are fine, but what
I listen to you, you know there is no
no problem. What is it that you
bothers? What is it where you feel huh
bothers?
It absolutely bothers me that they are all
the day putting words into our
mouth, attitudes, saying that we are that
they remote-control us, in short, that we are
that they don't respect, that they don't respect, that
we are yes that it is you, who speak for
You, who send us, eh, we are people
individual with our mistakes, with
our successes, with our
opinions, we express ourselves freely.
Yes, that's the only thing we agree on.
okay, the people who come out here
in the channel, because it is not to enter
in certain wars or in
certain fights, because in the end
In the end, we would get tangled up in those
topics and we prefer to move forward with them
live shows playing our most popular songs
fun, more boring, heavier,
more interesting or not interesting at all
for for according to taste, right? But
we prefer to do that than to get into
battles. But you know, in the end
everything has a limit. There comes a time
in which they step on your foot so many times
that you end up being up to the point
the bun. Fed up. Damn, see if I
whole thing that has happened. Well, it's because
Well, there are times when I would like to be able to
speak and be able to clarify and be able to say
because it bores me already, but of course, later
You say, you clarify and then they come out with
that the boss already sent it. No, I don't.
no one is in charge. That gives me a [ __ ].
rage that does not see. I mean, it makes me really angry.
that I don't see when they do it to me,
that I send to the FJ and the other one, the one from the
motorcycle, it's like, but you think I
I need no one to send anyone to
say what I want to say when I
want to say something,
say. And if I don't want to give it to someone
ball, I don't order the FJ to say something for
me, nor anyone who says anything for me.
what I want and what I think
I feel like it. And that's all, the last one.
Controversy will be the theme of the visit
from Amador here to the channel you announced
back there, just as the live show ended
I told you, David, eh, you shouldn't
having announced it. It's going to get complicated. AND
It actually got complicated because one already came out
person to invent plots, maneuvers, eh
movements eh and a lot of things that
They are amazing. I mean, eh but some
things, I mean, there's a plot here
associated with I don't know who, with I don't know
how many to go against him. Well, one
way of victimizing oneself, one thing that is
Ah, okay, this is it, yes, Juanjo is here.
saying as if everything is a
plot by Antonio David, from the factory
from television, from us, obviously,
from a lot to remove him because
as it is number one, all over the world
He wants to get rid of it.
It's impressive. It got to the point that
Of course, we have already seen Amador.
what what he said, right? has said
that he never said when he would come here, that
I had not set a date and that if I went up
came up to say hello. Yes. Well, I am
Antonio Aví Amador doesn't come to me anymore.
channel. Go on, [ __ ] him.
that gentleman,
You know? The cap mentioned them yesterday another time
time, but I am I am Antonio Avid.
What the hell does Antonio Avíó need to go up?
your channel? Go on and give it to him, what's up?
you understand?
I'm going to speak for myself, it's not me.
no one directs. That's what it seemed to me
fatal. It seemed so bad to me, so bad,
so bad, that I, what did I tell you, David? Yeah
someday he comes to the channel, I don't want
be. That's it. That's how it was, right? Well,
So the other day, well, half in
joking, half seriously, we gave some
Paquillo's brushstroke that has already served him
who we all know to return to
victimize oneself. Well, it seems that
you have directed us and we only know
disrespectful, right? Look, here it is.
we all have private lives. I have the
mine, Yodo has his own and of course
David has his. And we don't count
I never talk to you, if you see me
Amador, if you stop seeing, if you see with
Gloria, yes I know, yes I don't know
go. As a family, we can
everyone understands that they will see each other someday
that they will talk someday, right? But not
has to do it
public. Now, if one day you decide to do
public and one of them decides to come to the
channel, who is anyone to mount the
chicken that has mounted?
Well, the same chicken that was mounted when
Antonia Vií was going to come to my channel
after the documentary. It is exactly
the same. Explanation for me, envy,
insecurities, complexes, many
complexes, okay? Um, and it's exactly
the same. What happens is that here I am in your
At that moment I blamed Antonio quite a bit.
David because to me, let's see, yes he is
It is true that Antonio David in that
the moment was not for that either. The
things as they are, family. I know that
you say what's up. For me Antonio
Abid came very late solving that
problem and clarifying it. At the moment
that you have that guy stirring up that chicken in
public, announcing the interview as
an exclusive for your channel, breaking that
Antonio Javier was going to break the silence in
your channel, I don't know what, it's not even done with
This one not even with Javi Oliveira. Everything goes to hell
the world, but it is not done until it is done
it becomes clear. And that guy wouldn't have
given so much attention.
I wouldn't have given that guy so much attention.
which then took him to his channel, passed him on
one, it happened, it happened and it kept happening,
It was happening to him and that guy took advantage of it
a lot of fame, eh, damn. Even when
Olga won
survivor called Antonio's channel
David. Antonio Avid called the channel of the
Juanjo. No, man, no, you're not seeing the
guy. That? Well now it has you
done the same, it has made you more or less
the same. Well, it's not the same because
The candy is not that important, right?
you understand? Because at the time when
Antonia Vi was going to come to our
channels, yes it was a thing that was a
bomb, because we had been there every month
dealing with the documentary with a
huge audience here on YouTube and
the guy killed him. The guy
He loaded it with greed and
falsehood and all that [ __ ]. The guy,
I mean the other one, it's not. Okay, man.
Antonio David takes, he is telling us
that goes through our channels, damn.
Well, that's it, it's my channel, well, that's it.
It is, it is done on my channel and up to date
Next, you upload it, that's it.
But of course, he is insecure. And then
on top of that for a [ __ ] [ __ ]. I'll do it again
repeat, then on top for a [ __ ]
[ __ ] because then the guy didn't know how to do it
not a single question, not one. Did not prepare
nothing, neither the miniature nor the outline,
nor anything, nothing.
The guy took it, as he always does.
hick, changed the camera's location and put
another corner of the room and said, "Look,
Look, I put a better corner for
to look more handsome
this. "And what have you changed?"
No, I don't know, you know? I don't know, I mean, the
things and the one that the guy made and tried to me
make a face at me, tried to deceive me
Antonio David to take him.
He would need money at that moment.
He would need the money at that moment.
Damn, touch my channel. Well, that's it. Well
we follow the normal order, play on my
channel, Antonia Vivo, they both do it
because it is a special thing. But the uncle
clouded and hampered the moment. He entangled
the moment.
But where does that lead?
shamelessness of wanting to confront? Is
the character that he is. It is the character that
It is to people with their own families. I
I just don't understand those things. AND
so when you already get something
that Amador is related to Antonio David
in quotes, you don't have to get involved,
uncle. You have Amador there for a long time.
3 years you have already spoken to him about what
you had to talk. Fete you have already done it
had. Beloved, what have you had?
Juajo, you've had less audience than me
podcast that my podcast of the
from the podcast that is currently the
weakest podcast we've ever had,
Franco this one and me, who was this one
Sunday. I don't know if it was because of football,
At the moment, I don't know why, but it has
been the podcast with the lowest audience
until now and still with that you
we surpassed I don't even know how many spectators.
We had like 500 or 600 more spectators
than you. Why have you wanted Amado in
the channel? What's the fuss you've made,
Damn, when would you have let him
outside Antonio Aví's channel, there yes
would have had
audience, there would have been
audience, they would have had a talk
interesting that we had a
lots of
headlines and there we would have rationed
everything, right? That on top of that on your channel it is not
can't even ration because of how filthy it is
are you. your goal, because there are people who
She is very manipulative, she uses the
people in low moments, that goes with
that poor little facade,
good-natured, how good I am and that
how much they attack me, eh, and it goes with that
facade and when I read it and I don't know and I don't know
Hey, what tricks and what ruses are there?
It is useful for convincing and manipulating. Indian,
When I say among family, I mean
politically, however, he does not
Don't even look for the little bit, damn it. I already
you have understood what I mean,
Damn, it would have been a better talk
interesting Antonio David with Amador and
besides that they would have been
both of them were happy. They would have
we were both happy because yes
they would have started talking, they would have taken out
the topic and they would have ta ta ta and they would have
a lot of things have come out, right? With the
Juajo, Juanjo wasn't even there
listening to him, I was with the window
open next door to see if to see if Javi
Oliveira had more or less audience.
with the complex he has with Javi
Liveira to the other, because when he gets it
your goal above I have to listen
that if I am disrespectful,
that if I am rude, that if I
No. Sorry, but does anyone know the
back room. Has anyone put on any?
time in the shoes of the rest of the
people? That if how is it allowed that in
on this channel we speak badly of a relative.
Damn, and how is it allowed in others?
channels to enter a family member in which they have
spoken ill of Rocío Flores, of Olga
Moreno and from you every day and to everyone
the hours? They are talking badly about you
every day and at all hours and that
family goes there. That doesn't matter, that doesn't matter
happens
nothing. It's that we have a measuring stick
what is that is that I hallucinate. It happens
same in Sálvame, in Telec and in all
the sides. It's the [ __ ] measuring stick
that we always talk about and and in the
law of But then part is that I
I don't understand Amador's. I understand
It's because he's already crazy and I don't know.
he/she/it is half of the mass or he/she has it
caught by the balls. I don't know what the [ __ ] is wrong with him.
passes to Amador uncle with Rocío Flores has
got involved because the girl was with
weight and got involved with Rocío Flores. Dew
Flores doesn't want to know anything about that
channel. He has come here with us,
Okay? Rosario Mohedano. Rosario Moedano
She's his daughter and he doesn't want anything with that guy.
channel. Francisco said it the other day.
Look, you have the proof in
that Chayo's husband on the only channel
from YouTube where it has entered has been here
at Telesal. Well, it wasn't Telesalseo,
It was in the main, but
with me. Okay, there I have it.
man on WhatsApp. Very good
people. Chayo Chayo doesn't want anything with
that channel. Chayo went to the channel of
Albert Rosa Benito wants to sue him.
I wanted it
sue and there is Amador
there. And what is happening about Antonio David
saying on that channel is about the necklace
of punishment. What the hell is Amador doing?
uncle? I am not things that I do not
I understand. The engudo, the wide for one and
the narrow for others. And come to
always judge what others do.
could ever put on the shoes of
people who think they are that
this, is that the other, stop stopping
to shake so much and stop giving him so many
turns to the head because you do not have even
idea of ​​nothing. You don't know what's happening in
the back room, neither in nor in each family.
You know how little is said
publicly and be clear that it is the
thousandth part of what
occurs. So who are you to
think, to say, "I'm sure he
seems bad? I'm sure I don't know what it is. That
No wonder I don't know which one. And so everything
the day wandering. But if you don't have any
idea. You have no idea. Neither
idea. And that's it. And I'm going to stop now. and
This has taken you by surprise,
You probably don't even like that
I have opened the melon patch, but I have
I did it because I wanted to
I and because I know why it is, it is my opinion and
It's what I think and what I say. AND
I don't have to like him, eh,
Amador, I don't have to like him.
I will have respect for him and if he had come
I will respect the channel and speak to it with
all the respect in the world because because
I am not rude or a bad person
neither. Others cannot say the same.
Others are very rude and very bad.
people. So I'm not rude.
and not a bad person either. And if it comes towards
the channel would treat it with all respect
of the world, but seeing what I've seen, I don't
I feel like it. that yes yes it has to come that
come. I don't, I don't, if it's my channel, I don't.
I would invite him, I would not invite him and of course
If he ever comes, I won't be there.
but that's my opinion.
Because because because I am a lover,
I am Amador and I don't see him either, that is,
I am Antonio David and I am already at Amador
they can [ __ ] him up the ass. talk to about
those ways and with certain contempt,
Well, it's going to be no, because with
I despise myself as if I didn't fall
the panties for no one nor do I care
nobody, well that's it, it's my decision and
and that's it. That's it. that I think
Well, I'm not happy with what
that I have done. I have been satisfied,
but I'm not comfortable. I don't know if I
I explain. I have been pleased because
I've let out a few things I wanted
say, but I'm not comfortable because I know
that I have done something that I shouldn't have
have done because it is already going to be done
use. Let me see if I can explain myself well,
but hey, it had to be sometime
it had to be the day.
Lle, who's going to use it? Well
people, well people, the people who say that
If you command us, then the people,
the people who live off of that, who live
of being there all day, well, that's it, eh,
inventing, searching for plots, searching,
I don't know, I don't know what things. It's so simple
like a group of people here
They gather to chat, to give their opinion and
each one has his own, but there is no need
buy the Claro, now I explain.
Of course, he directs everything, he commands them,
He tells them, they are panty wet,
They are some, I don't know, well, that's it
Okay, man, that's enough, mojagas,
okay, it's really ugly, damn. Mojabraga
you
said, wetpants has told the lady
in note. Well, very ugly, very ugly, of
It's really so ugly, but like that and
so many more things. I mean, that's enough,
It's good that I come here then
because look, because we agree on the
space, in time. You told me one day
If you wanted to upload to your channel, then here
we are so rich. We spent the
evenings, then chatting about a topic,
another, it ended without more, because because
collaborate, to defend something in which
I believed at the time that yes, that no one
It's perfect, that David, that you commit
many mistakes like I make, that
you do things that I do
I don't agree and you know it because
I've told you them too. I think that
There are things that you have not managed well in
your life and I tell you, but people
think that no, that I must be with you
licking from top to bottom and from bottom to
up every day. Well, it's not going to be
No, but what I do is respect
to the people and obviously what is
made on March 21, 2021 in a
television network, eh, for me it happens
It transcends all boundaries of the state of
law and many other things. And so
regardless of whether you then
you left eh you deceived Olga, of if you
You had a relationship with Marta Rio, from
regardless of many things
moreover, that is a real fact that is there,
with whom I will never be
agreement and for which I hope that this
all people pay, pay judicially,
pay what you have to pay and nothing more.
And then, with all the time that
we have a relationship
friendship, I consider myself your friend, I think
that I am also yours and that's it. AND
I do things that you don't like, you
you do things that I don't like and
just. But we respect each other. Of course
people must be that among themselves they do not
They respect and do not conceive that people
can carry on even while committing
mistakes, because you have to be that, no
I know what. And it really is that
They are so boring. And all I have is
Of course, look, this started 4 years ago.
years, right? In 2021, we are in the
2025. I can only say that I am the
same from that day until today. I have not
changed in these 4 years. My thought
remains the same. Others leave
selling to the highest bidder and today they give their opinion
white and tomorrow they think black and the day after is
parro and the other
yellow depending on where it best suits them. I
No, I think the same. I am the same
person. I haven't changed. Say
exactly the same things he said
before. What a review he has given them
everyone, huh?
Alne. Completely. It depends on the
survey, Llin. You already know.
Well, let them see it, let them see it.
let them see who they are
conspire, who are the ones who do it
compl, who are the ones who are leaving
changing from one side to the other and from
another for the one. In short, everyone in
This life, yes, man, we could be
saying one thing and making a mistake and and
rectify, because rectifying is wise,
But those lurches, that's not it
to rectify, that is to go off on a tangent. Today
this way, tomorrow that way. Now for the other thing,
so where they give me more support and
where I get more likes or where I
Come on, man, that's it.
Okay, that's enough. Here we follow the
same line that you don't like, that seems to you
boring, which is already so
simple as not seeing each other or seeing others
things, that's it, but that's it
respect, respect because we,
I at least respect the work of
the others, that there are a lot of people who
It's been on YouTube for a while and it horrifies me,
that scares me, that seems horrible to me
what he does and I don't feel the need to go
to tell him, "What you're doing is horrible,
I don't like your live shows much. Oh
passive, eh. No, no.
need. Well, let them respect that we
respect us, just like us
we respect them. Spot. It's over.
And no, I'm not going to say more.
He already said, "He's given it a good beating."
Okay.
Sorry, David.
No, no, you don't have to apologize.
absolutely nothing. If there is something you
bothers you, the most normal thing is that
comments. That's it. And now each one
So let him understand things as he wants.
understand them. The only thing that I
bothers me, well, there are many things that bother me
They bother you, obviously, but the only thing I
What bothers me is
who have the need to use
our content
to make your content. No no,
mistakes, no, don't [ __ ] with me. But that,
How are you going to say it yet?
height?
Balls. But how? That's what it is
bothers the hooker. Come on, says the
remember. But how are you going to say? EITHER
well, of everything that has been said, the flip it
What are you going to say, dude?
Let's see, let's see, let's see, wait. Let's go
listen to it. I want to tell you, because yes
you enter into equal conditions with
another who does the same as you, well
perfect. But it is that we ourselves
dedicate, you are on top, that's what
I'm telling you, it's a piece of cake, man. With
the chair that has just released the
we freak out and the Juanco takes balls and
take the opportunity to say, well, I'm the king.
I am the king. We are on our level
overhead. Let's create our own
content. We make our content.
Period and end. No
I get in, I don't look at what the other has said, the
another has told, the move of the one. Is
that I am not interested in knowing
absolutely nothing of the
rest. I don't talk about anything
none because it's not my story. Me
It bothers me that they use my content, I
It bothers me that they make videos of my songs
that I
I play. Well, mine, well if it bothers you
You have another task that is
to annoy you. It didn't bother you when
It was to defend you and when it was to
dismantle the TV factory and you don't
It bothered me that people were talking about you
content and your content. when
you started the channel that some
companions and we gave up the night to do nothing
direct to see your premiere, there either
You were upset that the next day
we talked about you. Um, I mean, that is, that
But come on, this is already the best.
A channel that is dedicated to talking about the
other people's content to be put to use
be annoyed that people are talking about him. EITHER
well, let's go with the And I am that really
It cannot be done even at a time like in the
that the lecture that has just been given
I'm freaking out, man. Not even at that moment will you
support, uncle. Damn, support the woman.
Cap, you're an idiot, you have me even
balls. You were a slob when the
interview and will never change. you are going to
fulfill 50 sticks or at least the
you pretend and it remains the same.
Self-conscious. Damn, support the woman. That
Damn, are you telling me what I get?
creating content from my content? Well
Of course we create content for you
content. Of course, everyone, everyone,
You are the first one who is with you all day
the TV factory, release it now
TV factory that no longer exists,
[ __ ]. Know? That is, it does not have
sense. But come on, to say this no
Don't say anything, man, we'll catch you a long time ago.
two months taking the video worked on a
kid and you upload it with a filter,
uncle. Hey, but come on, you guys really,
I mean, it's still another time
Well, you laugh, but you believe that
after what he has said,
super accurate, take the gachón and I
release
this. What the [ __ ] does this have to do with anything?
uncle? I mean, it's not that it's not even about
the hand with what has released the
freaked out. It's not even about the
hand, [ __ ]. What has released the freaks
It's about an attack, so don't say anything.
If you don't want to comment on YouTubers,
So don't say anything. But you're going to get out
again with that we make videos of the
Of course we make videos of yours
videos, Antonio Aví. Yes. And we are going to do it.
continue doing the same thing we do
Carlota, just like we do with the
Patiño, just like we do from the
Rocito, every time she appears in
anywhere.
Damn, can you imagine a Jorge Javier?
Vázquez, can you imagine a Jorge Javier?
Vazquez
saying, "I'm going to It bothers me that they talk
about me on Twitter and on YouTube and on I don't know
where." Javi, did he give you a strike? Of course.
who gave me and the other a strike.
speaking clearly, he tried to put a
strike. That? It's like uncle please a
a little bit of a little bit of for
please a little please, man.
Damn, you answered a lawsuit in
based on our videos, man.
Yes, because, you see, in the end one does not do
a
direct eh in 3 minutes. Well, for the
except us, our topics and
You know it, Angels, these are topics
that we make it, that we work on it and
such, huh? Of course, that's how easy it is.
So you sit down, you give it to the
gossip, play, come on, let's go,
we start, grab from here, grab from there,
what the one said, what he said
That's what bothers me. That for a
side and on the other, obviously, what I
annoying is
to criticize our work. I
I would understand that criticizing,
man. Of course, I don't like it either.
and when I put on an ugly t-shirt, well
I don't like people saying how ugly my
t-shirt. I like to be told that
I always look very handsome. Hey, really,
my goodness, man. Damn, man.
[ __ ], get down. If I criticize yours,
but if I criticize. No, no, no, no, no,
No. Antonio David, no, no, it doesn't work
So. Yes, I don't like that.
criticize my work, criticize my
work if I criticize yours. No no,
no no. I can criticize work of
whoever I want. That is, it is not
makes sense. But it is that it is not
has nothing to do with it. It's just that it's not there
responding to the freaks.
yours. So, uh, what is envy?
You don't live up to the criticism so that
your community, that the people around you
supports the throws against Ade and her
channel. Hey, why? Oo,
revenge. Those are the types of the
typical things that bother me.
Now I obviously can't be
behind one, the other, the other,
what one has said, what the one has said
another, because I'm not interested. Is
The truth is that I'm not interested. But
Lfli that seems good to me, it seems good to me
that if they have insulted you, if you have
sense
annoyed by any comment,
attitude, let's see, it's been a long time,
David, it seems that certain things bother you.
Not me, no, no, he is not interested in what
He's saying the flipos and that he doesn't know
wants to get wet.
But it doesn't seem like that to me either, nor
I wouldn't even mind if it wasn't
I would like to get wet. Don't get me wrong,
family. He doesn't want to get involved in issues of
YouTubers, he doesn't want to get into their trap.
to the other. Perfect. I mean, he didn't do it in
his days. What would be the point now that it
do? No, but to say what you have
said, right? To say what you have said,
better not say anything. You know what
is saying, what he has said is not about
the hand, has no correlation with what
that with what she is saying
girl. I'm going to the salseria. Who
HE
comes here? We have achieved a goal.
Now I'm going to the salseria. Do you think that
they will fulfill it there too or
that? I'm going to the
sauce shop. Will the objective be met there?
or not?
Let's see it. I'm going there. No
It takes me 2 minutes to open. Okay,
go over there because it's going to be here today
powerful
also the young night.